60000,__label__2,"This book teaches packing efficiency, and it works!: There is SO much more to packing than simply putting your items in a suitcase. In this book, Anne McAlpin makes suggestions on how to pack fewer items and eliminate the need for bulky, heavy luggage. She shows you how to hang pants on a hanger so they don't come off, and also how to pack pants without getting wrinkles at the knees. She even made an appearance on the Oprah Winfrey Show in April 1999, and demostrated how easy packing could be. Interesting reading, and makes a great gift for the regular traveler.",
60001,__label__2,helpful: This book is quite heap of information and tips for packing luggage the right way. I'd recommend this for people who always travel - like me. :-),
60002,__label__2,Read this if you have ever overpacked: This is a comprehensive book for the traveler. I read it every time I am about to take another trip just to make sure I don't overpack or forget something. BUY THIS BOOK FOR EVERY PERSON YOU KNOW THAT TRAVELS. Makes a great gift.,
60003,__label__2,great item for the price: This little vacuum works good for the price I paid. I bought it specifically to vacuum out my car and it works well for that as it is very small and light. Comes w/several attachments as well. I'm satisfied!,
60004,__label__2,Excellent: Simply the best hand held vacuum I have ever owned. Good power and pickup. Highly recommended. Can't beat it for the price.,
60005,__label__2,Great TV Movie!!: This TV Movie Was The Best Television Movie I've Ever Seen!!I Like How Judy Finds The Perfect Hairdo So She Can Meet Sky Rocker.,
60006,__label__1,Go Rock Yourself: The animation is choppy. The songs are forgettable. The cast is bland. The villians are very 1D. The story is ludacris and jammed with plotholes and filler moments. The romance between Judy & Sky Rocker is phoned in a mile away and also forgettable. I give this movie a 1 out of 10.,
60007,__label__2,"Outlaw Star: This dvd box set is da s h i t, not only does it rock it has all the dvds in one set for a cheaper price. and i mean cheaper.................................",
60008,__label__2,"Awesome: I saw this anime years ago on toonami, and i remembered how bad ass it was. Therefor, i came around to buying it. This is an outstanding anime and its even better uncut. It's by far one of my favorite animes rivaled only by Neon Genesis Evangelion, Fullmetal Alchemist and Cowboy bebop. I only wish there was more episodes... 26 doesnt seem to do this series justice. If you enjoy futuristic/space combat paralled with love and adventure you will enjoy this anime greatly.",
60009,__label__2,"To Be An Outlaw: Outlaw Star is a great anime series. I liked it for its humor and its stroyline. Things really interested me like the Galactic Layline and stuff. The main characters are Jim, Gene, Suzuka, Malfina and Aisha. The story starts out great and the series finishes great. Definetly a must have anime for everyone.",
60010,__label__2,squirlll's review: i have not puchased the outlaw star box set but i have seen all the outlaw star videos un-cut and have look for all of them on DVD and you will not find a better deal on a box setgene starwing is a jack of all traids if the far future on a small planet of sentanal and there are so many adventure along the one mision that will keep you on the edge of your seat this is the best anime of all time this is the kick all ass version of startreck and if you think you have seen it on cartoon network you would be way off CN cut it to pices and the epi 26 was to hot for tv this is a gold fing,
60011,__label__2,"Awsome collection: This has it all that I saw several years ago on TV as well as an extra episode that I now understand why was taken out. This is an epic story of magic, adventure and of course a mystical treasure hunt that ends alittle off, but not disobeying the main points of the story. I enjoy this and recommend this collection to anyone wanting to start in anime.",
60012,__label__2,"I can't wait for it to come out!: I've watched the whole series on Cartoon Network and none of them were good cause of the cuts, now i can watch them, all of them, UNCUT!!! I give that a ... YEA!!!",
60013,__label__2,"A Blast From My Past: This was one of my favorit shows about 4 to 6 years ago (dont remember exactly how long ago. Well I soon forgot about this great show, due to all the great anime shows from the good people at cartoon netework. I was looking for the trigun boxed set (also would recoment this to the cashual anime fan) and i came across this in the ""people who liked this product also liked this"" tab. I got it and it lives up to any of my expectations and falls among my favorit shows.",
60014,__label__2,"Big Trouble in Little China in space: While Cowboy Bebop is by far superior, don't overlook Outlaw Star just yet. While the animation isn't top-notch like Bebop, it is sufficient. Also like Bebop, has some good, if not, memorable action scenes. Granted, it's no Face-Off or MI:2, but it is cool. Also, the space battles are cool as well. My other complaint is the stupid editing. Otherwise, this should belong in any otaku's anime library. Semper Fi!",
60015,__label__2,"""9 Lives"" McDoogal!: I recently recieved this box set and have watched all of it.In a nutshell,it's an awesome value and well worth the money.I have never watched all of outlaw star until now,and I am very pleased with the ending;it's nowhere near as tragic/dark as cowboy bebop's ending.And for me,that was a good thing.I still can't get over the fate of harry mcdoogal though!!You probabally already know,but there is ALOT that has been cut out of the cartoon network version.It's funny to hear jim and gene cuss,and the few nude shots don't hurt either!Do yourself a favor and get this anime treat!",
60016,__label__1,The series is great...however buy at your own risk: One of my discs (box 3 disc 1) is completely unplayable on all three of my dvd players. Its been a month since I bought it so I had already threw my receipts away which was really stupid of me considering only a few months ago I bought Jin-Roh (another quality Bandai product) which didn't work either. The series is great though however if you purchase it I highly recommend you check all episodes ASAP to make sure you have a product that works.,
60017,__label__2,"A must have for all anime lovers: This anime is one of my favorites. The story is great. Its about a man gene starwind and his partner Jim Hawking who runs into a rebel pirate Hilda. She leads him to a special android girl Malfina and an amazing spaceship that gene calls the outlaw star. He is also informed that there is an amazing treasure called the galactic leyline. He decides to go after it. During his journey we meet some interesting characters such as Suzuka, Aisha Clanclan (My favorite character), Kei Pirates, the MacDougall brothers, Harry, and Lord Hazanko. I do agree that the 3 disk set is just as good as this one, but if you really want to spend your money on this one theres no objection. It's your decision no one elses.",
60018,__label__1,"Average at best. Don't believe the hype of the other reviews.: This show is not for true anime lovers. It's basically an American Saturday morning cartoon with crude jokes and nudity. Don't get me wrong, it's not all bad. The main character Gene Starwind is cool, Caster Gun and all, and the concept is original, but that's where it stops.There is absolutely no depth, each and every supporting character is lame and under developed, nothing is explained, the episodes leave you wanting so much more, and the ending is a total let down. It's got sub par action and a hand full of pretty good action scenes but nothing more.Don't compare this to the likes of Trigun or Cowboy Bebop, especially the latter. Outlaw Star is simply okay, B-/C+, nothing more. Watch your friend's dvds before you buy this first.",
60019,__label__1,"For Grown Ups or Kids?: I originally watched Outlaw Star when it was on Cartoon Network, and thought it was one of the best anime's I had ever seen.How disapointed I was when I ordered and actually started to watch it.Outlaw Star is another tragic example of people trying to mix a very simple and almost childish atmosphere with mature themes and language. Which in short means that the storyline and the dialog my attract the attention of younger people who shouldn't be exposed to the language and the nudity that is in the cartoon, while more mature audiences may feel almost embaressed to be watching something so simple.Baisically, it's like watching a Saturday morning cartoon with foul language and sex. It's a very poor mix.Except for their dialog, the characters are great. the storyline, although sometimes predictable and simple eventually picks up, and by the end, you truly want to know what the Galactic Layline is, if you can get that far in the series.",
60020,__label__1,"this sucks: this is the worst anime of all time. the animation sucks, the shot composition is perfunctory and awkward, the storyline is melodramatic to the extreme and the characters have about as much personality as a loaf of bread.",
60021,__label__2,"Update to old review: This is my father's book. Apparently still popular out there and actively in print again. If you have any questions about this book, feel free to contact me at andy@andygerber.com. My father is now in his 90s but doing great. Andrew Gerber",
60022,__label__1,"Ugh: I feel that this is one of those films that I feel is a part of the contemporary polarization. Vampires are either romantic teenagers or nearly mindless killing machines. It's one extreme or the other. No one remembers balance anymore. I miss characters like Dracula who could be charming and occasionally sympathetic but still able to be predatory and vicious. Now that is an interesting vampire. I miss vampires like that.This was low budget, over-stuffed with action and bad special effects and ultimately disappointing.",
60023,__label__1,"Lame: A more or less sequel to John Carpenter's smashing take on vampires, Vampires: Los Muertos finds Carpenter's long time collaborator Tommy Lee Wallace (Halloween 3) directing this low budget direct to video shlock fest, starring Jon Bon Jovi of all people as a vampire hunter in over his head. Assembling a haphazard, rag tag team (including Lost Highway's Natasha Wagner) to combat a vampire queen (Arly Jover, who played a vamp in the original Blade, and she looks much better here), the film rolls briskly along with some over the top overacting, plenty of leaps in logic, and plot holes aplenty. It's a shame John Carpenter's name got attached to this drek of a horror film, those who enjoyed his Vampires should definitely avoid.",
60024,__label__1,"Tame Vampire Fare: This is a sequel to John Carpenter's Vampires, a minor hit that saw director Carpenter return to form and break the cliches of vampire films. This is not bad and not good either, as they changed the whole film from its initial release. It did have a lot of nudity and gore and was kind of suspenseful, but this sequel just serves to put yet another American vampire film on the shelves. Check out the 1998 original Vampires by John Carpenter to get a good look at breaking the cliches.",
60025,__label__1,"Poor John Carpenter: Why in the world did Carpenter let himself get dragged down into this mess? Jon Bon Jovi assembling a vampire hunting team of a 16-year old Mexican kid, the brother from Family Matters, a sorta-vampire on a anti-vampire drug (even though being a vampire means being dead, which medicine can't help), and a priest whose acting was so wooden every time he lied his nose grew? It's just as bad as it sounds.A master vampire desires to exist in sunlight, and JBJ's crew must stop that from happening. To do so they must eradicate all vampires in sight, protect a black cross, and keep their head above a tidal wave of campiness. Most of the acting is so nonchalant I could swear one of the actors fell asleep while delivering a line. Some decent gore here and there, but action is horrible and acting is worse.Just because Bon Jovi made a song called ""Shot Through the Heart"" doesn't mean he should be ""acting"" in vampire movies. Avoid this like syphilis.",
60026,__label__2,"Vampires - Los Muertos: Vampires-Los Muertos was quite an entertaining movie in my opinion. OK, so it wasnt on the same level as Vampires with James woods but Jon Bon Jovi did a good job playing the vampire slayer. Im a huge fan of Vampire flicks and I have to admit that the acting in this movie wasnt as good as the first but still a decent Vampire flick nevertheless. Interview with a Vampire is my all time Fav.",
60027,__label__1,"This is a Vampire movie?: Jon Bon Jovi. Ok that sums up reasons to watch this movie. Now onto every reason not to...it doesn't follow hardly anything I've ever known about Vampires, it lacks action in a major way, it is slow moving...or maybe it just seems that way because you have to force yourself to stay awake through it. If you are a die hard Jon Bon Jovi fan, like myself, buy it, he looks great. If you want a good vampire more go get ""Interview with the Vampire"", ""Queen of the Damned"", or ""Blade"" and ""Blade 2"", those are vampire movies worth watching.",
60028,__label__2,"Vampire: Los Muertos: Good fun! If you like Vampire movies, this one'll do ya! And who doesn't like to see Jon Bon Jovi...he's great!!!",
60029,__label__2,"Jon rules: Jon Bon Jovi proves he is multi talented. We know (or you should know) he's a fantastic singer and he demonstrates a pretty good acting ability in this vampire flick. In this movie,he is a white mans version of ""Blade"" as he seeks vampires to kill. Good cast of characters was assembled and a decent storyline.",
60030,__label__1,WOW! (and not the good wow): this movie was sad! Jon! you should stick to singing! PLEASE! your acting was and is horrible! I take that back the 5 minutes you had in that submarine movie was pretty good. I'm glad I only rented this and didn't buy it.,
60031,__label__1,"sort of boring, difficult to follow: A vampire movie is good if it does one of two things: makes you think OR makes you a bit scared. This movie didn't do either for me. Maybe I just have difficulty by Bon Jovi as a vampir hunter but I think ultimately not enough time is spent on telling us and helping us feel why these hunters do what they do and why the vampires do what they do.",
60032,__label__1,"terrible: Not only does Bon Jovi leaves his supposedly reasonable acting chops at home with this one, but so does everyone else it seems. The acting and dialogue are seriously lame. A very poor ""sequel"" to John Carpenter's bunker-busting original.",
60033,__label__1,"go back to hell: i have never seen such a pointless movie. i mean what the hell were they thinking. the script was bad, no bad is an under statement, horrible script and even worse actors. the only good part of the is the lead vampire, i would have gave this movie 5 stars if she would have just ripped her shirt off like expected in every other horror movie but no they go and screw it up like everything else. and oh yeah the end was good to.",
60034,__label__1,"Lame duck: The reason I bought this movie is first the title and second I like Bon Jovi. I will buy anything with vampires and thought it would be interesting to see Bon Jovi in a horror movie. I was wrong the two do not go together. Silly premise, silly ending and less than stellar acting. If you are looking to be frightened, then this is not for you. If you like anything Vampires with Bon Jovi thrown in, you might want to keep this for your amusement.",
60035,__label__1,"power suck: i didn't even see this movie and I know it sucks. All that I had to see was Bon Jovi and I threw the video to the ground as hard as i could muster at the video store where i was promptly kicked out. It was worth it though, it actually was offensive that such a thing could exist. The vampire genre could be so awesome and yet very few films live up to its potential. I guess it also lends itself to complete drivle such as ""Vampires - Los Muertos"".",
60036,__label__2,"An excellent Textbook!: This was an excellent book and clearly explained the fundamentals of biology. There are full-color pictures that clearly show the processes of biology. There are questions at the end of each chapter to answer with solutions to check your work. Overall, an excellent textbook.",
60037,__label__2,I feel educated every time I use this book...: This is a great book!! I'm an English Lit. major and wanted to focus a bit on science and got myself this book. It's so wonderfully written! It explains very clearly and it has a CD-rom with excercises. Even if you're not taking an intro-biology course this book is useful and easy to use for self study. The book is devided into theme chapters and covers about everything you can think of in the natural world. It's no doubt a very good introduction to further study in biology. I feel educated every time I use this book!I'd give more than 5 stars if that was possible.,
60038,__label__2,Very Pleased!!!: Even though I purchased an older edition it still worked out great. I made sure with the teacher first and all is well. The disk was in perfect shape and the book was in good condition. I have no problem doing the homework or activities.,
60039,__label__1,"Very, very confusing: As a freshman taking 10th grade biology i do not like this book at all. It trys to cram way to much imformation into way too small a space, and the way it covers the topics is very hard to understand. It uses way to many words i don't understand and does not put them in the glossary. I have to use a dictionary to even understand the glossary. For example-""Mutation- A change in the nucleotide sequence of DNA; the ultimate source of genetic diversity.""I get, ""a change in..."" and then it loses me. I do not just hate science, or reading. Our school has a different book for class work and i understand that book perfectly. I like science and have enjoyed other books in the past, but this book is just plain dull and confusing. I would not recommend this book to people at my age.",
60040,__label__1,"Overall, thorough but dense book: I used this for high school freshman introductory biology, and boy! The writing is dense and excessively formal, and some concepts weren't explained very well. It's a gorgeous book, though, with beautiful color photos and computer diagrams, and it's chock-full of bios and anecdotes. Buy it was a coffee-table book, not as a simple biology text for regular high school kids. (The test questions, which my teacher used from the cd test bank, were devastating. You wouldn't believe the nitpicky details they asked you)",
60041,__label__2,"Good book for discussions: I knew little about black cowboys and that's coming from a gal who lives in Texas and went to the rodeo as a child. The book is the first I've come across the history of black cowboys and since it's in fictional context, students might appreciate it more than reading about it in a reference book. The book teaches a few lessons regarding gender stereotypes and learning how to do something.I didn't find the book exciting. If I were in elementary school, I'd probably pass on reading the book. The nice thing about the book is its main characters are Black, and we need to see more diversity in children's fiction books. It's a good book for parent/child and classroom discussions because of the lessons it teaches. I debated whether to give it a 3 or a 4. It's more in between.",
60042,__label__2,"A great book that teaches that you can do anything!: This is a great book about an African-American boy named Justin. Over the course of a stay with his cowboy grandfather, he learns that there is no such thing as women's work, you can do anything once you learn how, and a cool history lesson about black cowboys. My 4th grade students loved it and we had a great debate over whether there is a such thing as women's work!",
60043,__label__2,"Read along with your kids and talk, talk, talk: My son read this book with his 4th grade class. I read it along and out loud with him because we are really working on reading comprehension.This is a terrific discussion-starter book for parents and children. Not only is there the sexism parts, but there is also the theme of Justin being never shown how to do things (or made fun of when he tries) to the extent that he just stopped trying.I was very surprised to see the ""n-word"" (it's on page 82 in mine) in a book geared toward such young children. I'm not saying this is a bad thing, but I would not have known about it if I had not been reading the book with my son. They did not discuss it in school or let the parents know which is a shame, as it led to a few great discussions in our home about racism and the power of words.Overall, a great book. It was nice to see some diversity in my son's required reading and to have a completely boy-centric book where the main character is",not sic
60044,__label__1,"At least it's short.: Justin is a whiny, lazy, sexist kid who is miraculously transformed by a trip to his grandpa's. There were some interesting references in this book, but it just wasn't believable. The title was boring and so was the plot. It did make me curious about Black cowboys, but that wasn't enough to keep my attention.",
60045,__label__1,"Old Info - Not useful: Forget this book if you want good working examples. In nearly every chapter the author displays MFC class code but no examples for use of the technologies he is talking about. Also, if you are trying to learn how to write a multi-threaded TCP based server, you can foreget this book. Like others have stated, this book is old. Published in 1996 it refers Windows 95 and NT 4.0 as new technologies.",
60046,__label__1,"Dissapointing. . .: People Get Ready and Electric Sweat were great examples of a great roots-rock sound that was familiar yet still was original in its own right. This record is cheesy; plain and simple. For those of you who enjoy it, I invite you to listen to the aforementioned albums afterwards to truly understand why this band WAS truly something special.",
60047,__label__2,"Great DVD: I have daughters going to Mozambique to work with Heidi Baker, and I wanted to get all the information on her I could beforehand. This is an inspiring story that gets you thinking about the impact one sold-out person (and her husband) can make on this planet.",
60048,__label__2,"Mama Heidi: This is an awesome documentry! So intriguing and provoking. I bought it to show my interns, as my husband and I run an intern program in Mexico. Our heart is to get our interns excited about all missions, and this definitely will!",
60049,__label__2,"Absolutely GORGEOUS!!!: I bought this screen to complete my living room. I have an extra large couch and no matter what I bought, nothing looked the way I really wanted it to above it. I received this screen and was in awe. It is even more beautiful in person than it is online. The picture doesn't do it justice! If you are an Asian theme enthusiast as I am, you will instantly fall in love with this piece.",
60050,__label__1,what the deal amazon: i just bought this movie last week at bestbuy.i also bought the judas priest cd at walmart last week.why are you guys fallen behind on your movies,
60051,__label__1,"Gotham Central Vol.1 (The Jokes on us): Take any cop show and try and find an episode that was to bland to be aired on TV so they put it in as an extra in a box set and labeled it ""never before seen episode"" and you have Gotham Central. I've been reading graphic novels for 30 years and I received this book as a gift. I thought the concept was a great idea and I couldn't wait to open it up. I was incredibly disappointed. I kept reading, hoping the stories would produce some meat, anything at all! But it was second rate cop show bland. All they had to do was take one of the many great Batman stories and write about it from the police departments point of view. I can't imagine the people that wrote positive reviews actually read it.",
60052,__label__1,"Gotham City Gloom: This book does not live up to the reviews others are giving it. Of course anything tied to Gotham City will feature Batman, but, in this case, only in cameo shots (perhaps the writers were too embarassed to feature him more). This is supposed to be a ""behind the scenes"" kind of effort wherein the ""real"" heroes of Gotham City are its dedicated police officers. I cannot honestly see any point in serving up these stories. They are really very poorly written for coming from Ed Brubaker and Greg Rucka; actually pretty hackneyed which would give credence to one reviewer's saying it recalled the good old days - the language seems right out of an incredibly bad Mickey Spillane pulp novel. The whole Mr. Freeze arc starts off good, but fizzles out very badly. Maybe this was better at some point as the editing seems very choppy. The art was good, but the story should be the driving force and it lacks any real suspense or drama. Look elsewhere for better (way better)",stories
60053,__label__2,"Can't Go Wrong with Gotham Central: Gotham Central is a great series that is unfortunately under-read. This volume collects the first five issues for a very reasonable price -- and is a great way to get into this series. In fact the collected TPB is almost a better and easier read than the single issues. This is an intelligent book and appeals to a wider audience than just Batman fans. If you enjoy Law & Order or any crime drama, you will enjoy this book. Even if you haven't picked up a comic since you were a kid -- pick this one up.",
60054,__label__2,"Better than any season of Law & Order!!: This is a series that should have never been cancelled. Its like a Law & Order episode taking place in the DC Universe's Gotham City. The book, while definitely focusing on two detectives, still has a great team aspect and Batman isn't needed in the book but when he shows up its great. Here we get two different storylines and both are fantastic. Greg Rucka has such an amazing feel for these characters. You can tell he loves this book and that's why I love it. The art by Michael Lark and Stefano Gaudiano is so perfectly suited for the events transpiring within its remarkable. Any other type of art style would be terrible here. Overall, this is a fantastic book and I wish it would have lasted forever. Great reading!",
60055,__label__1,"Not quite up to snuff...: As a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer I can't say I liked this book at all. Not because it was too basic or anything like that, but because the style of writing was extremely difficult to follow. Almost every page I read had major grammatical mistakes that made following what the author said to be very difficult. I get the impression that this book was rushed into print without proper proof-reading and without a knowledgeable person reviewing the contents to make sure a person unfamiliar with the subject could understand it.",
60056,__label__1,"Hard to get through.: I'm not a newbie to Shakespeare or any similar writers. I'm not put off by the idioms or way of speaking in this movie. It was just utterly awful in every other way. Imagine Blade Runner meets Romeo and Juliet - that's what this movie made me think of. For the most part, save the lead role played by Eccleston and the actress who portrayed Castiza, the acting was atrocious. The direction was all over the place. I generally like bizarre movies, but this was too much - I don't like bizarre for the sake of bizarre. I found the meaning of the play was completely lost in this movie.",
60057,__label__1,"Why must producers insult great literary works?: The Revengers Tragedy is one of the worst modern adaptations I have ever seen in my entire life! I cannot believe that someone would sit down and distinctly consider to even re-write such a script. I honestly believe that Thomas Middleton's literary work has been trashed through this overdone, lack of follow through and just down right horrific costuming and acting. I highly recommend that no one rents this dvd. What a disgrace to such a fine and intense play.",
60058,__label__1,"Absolute garbage--zero stars: Any sense of story is completely lost in this blood and gore fest. I understand that the director is attemping to comment on the random violence of our world. Is that something new? ""Bonnie and Clyde"" did that over 30 years ago.I also understand that we're supposed to be jarred by the post-nuclear images of London and the freaks who haunt the underground. I so wanted to scream ""Shut up!!!"" Oh, and yes, we get the part about the beautiful member of nobility who dies under such cruel circumstances. Diana did nothing to deserve this treatment.Really, I would expect more of Derek Jacobi and even Eddy Izzard.This movie became irrelevant the day before it was released.",
60059,__label__2,"Essential for a DIY Mani: I've been wanting this for awhile, and so glad I finally made the purchase. Fast, easy, and item is as described.",
60060,__label__1,"Okay product.: This is the first OPI product I tried and it looks nice on, but you have to put on several coats to make a glossy finish. My nails have high vertical ridges and I wanted to smooth them out. If too many coats of filler are on, the filler chips early on. OPI is supposed to last longer than other polishes, but not the case.",
60061,__label__2,"Night sky: Se tu mi scordi... Lena, Lena! Richiamo nel bosco. Lena, dove sei andata? Lena, mi senti? Una voce risuona lontana, limpida come un ruscello di montagna. ""La luna de cristal / la rama roja / del lento otono en mi ventana / si toco / junto al fuego / la impalpable ceniza / o el arrugado cuerpo de la lena / todo me lleva a ti"". La melodia fugge dalla finestra, verso gli alberi, verso la voce di Lena Willemark. Come in una vecchia poesia di Neruda, s'incontrano tra i rami. La voce diventa natura, le legna è corpo di donna. La notte, sotto la pioggia, sembra stellata.",
60062,__label__2,"Like a dream come true.....: ...I can't believe this archive even exists, and has been in hiding all these years! It was surreal seeing Edith Massey, David Lochary and Divine (in drag during filming Pink Flammingos) being interviewed out of character. We even get a glimpse of Divine ""rehearsing"" for the infamous doggy scene.Some of this footage has been seen in the Divine profile on E! True Hollywood Story. But it was interesting to also see a creepy, young, long-haired John Waters being interviewed (at 25 yrs old).Recent interviews with Mink Stole and John Waters' parents also add to the fun, not to mention the former Maryland Censor Board President's recollection of the infamous ""rosary"" scene in Multiple Maniacs.I couldn't wait for this thing to get released on July 5, 2000..and promptly ordered it. I wasn't disappointed. Now I'm waiting for Mr. Waters' earlier films to start showing up on DVD!FYI: Not much in the way of DVD extras here.",
60063,__label__2,"very good documentary: If you're a John Waters fan you will probably enjoy this documentary quite a bit. It has lots of facts about some of the earlier films he did, interviews with Waters and cast members, including the irreplacable Divine, clips and outtakes. I wanted even more but this was great. Besides that the documentary is excellently compiled. The director obviously has a true love for the work of John Waters and his art as well as the unique characters he incorporated into his work.",
60064,__label__2,"DIVINE: John Waters hits gold yet again. This was the last and only copy I could locate on amazon. It was not brand new but in great shape. As a fan, one must own every piece of work created by the maestro... and now I do.It becomes increasingly difficult to find a title you are looking for. I am the old fashioned type that likes to hold the finished product, look over and see the effort. I am impressed at the quality of the even though I purchased it on-line. It was in immaculate shape...Thank you for the great find. No complaints.",
60065,__label__2,"Divinely Trashy!: This DVD is everything I expected it to be, and alot more! I've told everyone about it and just recently, it was on one of the movie channels. If you love John Waters and Divine, you'll love this DVD.Buy This NOW!!!",
60066,__label__2,"What a Life...: While writing my book, A Journey Into The Mind of a Black Woman,A Journey Into The Mind of a Black Woman: In Search Of Black Men Who Live With PurposeI read this 2-volume biography of one of the greatest minds from Black America. Not only was his accomplishments impressive, as to be expected; Lewis gives us a 3-D picture of who Du Bois really was as a person: he was passionate, engaging and brave. The battles that he had with Booker T. Washington and then Marcus Garvey were mainly philosophical, but what could have happened if these three men could have worked together.This book is a great read and is highly recommended for serious readers.",
60067,__label__1,"It was really boring: I read this book to suppliment a biographical sketch I was doing on DuBois. This was although one of the most helpful, one of the dryest and most boring books I've ever read. If your going to read this, make sure it's totally of your own free will.",
60068,__label__1,Doe Boy falls short: I love NAI movies but I feel this one fell a little short on traditions andconnection to the mother earth and it's creatures. I took a chance buying a movie I had never heard about.,
60069,__label__2,"Wonderful coming of age film: It's rough growing up in any culture when you're different, especially so in the Cherokees where proving yourself is so critical. And in this story, doing the wrong thing could prove fatal.Hunter (Andrew J. Ferchland as young boy and James Duval as man) is a Cherokee boy with hemophilia. His mother (Jeri Arredondo) wants to shelter him and his Dad (Kevin Anderson) wants to treat him like a regular warrior. That includes learning to hunt deer.When Hunter accidentally shoots a doe instead of the manliness proving buck, he's earned the insulting name ""Doe Boy"". As his Grandfather says, ""He wanted a story to tell the rest of his life.""""Doe Boy"" is an independent film, written and produced by Randy Redroad. The filming takes place in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, which is Cherokee country and a beautiful place. Acting, music, scenery are all good. Just a well-told.Rebecca Kyle, August 2008",
60070,__label__2,"Fine ambience album: This cd es good. 2 cd's w/ excellent music made by one of the most respected musicians in the ambience genre, Klaus Schulze.I'll say one thing here because someitmes i'm not really into making a real long review, this 2 cd set is one of the best works he did/does. And the first song Synphara was simply my favorite, the other three very good too (!).I recommend it = )3 1/2 *",
60071,__label__1,"Meh: Something was definitely missing from this book. In the rest of the Cynster series, Vane is portrayed as one of the most enigmatic of the cousins. In his own story, however, Vane falls into the mold of the regency period rake. There is not much development to his character outside of this formula.Patience is just as typical of a character. I was bored with her.Laurens is also in the habit of repeating herself over and over again. She will use 3 adjectives where one simple description will do. I don't understand what her purpose in this display of vocabulary is, but it has the result of cluttering up the page with meaningless text to the point where it is difficult to follow the storyline.Between the flat, formulaic characters and the excessive verbiage of the descriptions (particularly when dealing with the emotions of the characters), I was just annoyed by the book.",
60072,__label__2,"A Rake's Vow: Just when you thought Stephanie Laurens couldn't get any better, she writes another stunning novel.Following Devil's Bride as the second book in the Bar Cynster series by Laurens, this book manages to top the first.Vane Cynster makes a mad run for it after his cousin Devil's wedding, as he refuses to be caught in the parson's mousetrap as well, but leave it to a thunderstorm to force him to take cover at his godmother's house, and introduce him to Miss Patience Debington.When Patience gets trapped in the intrigue surrounding a petty thief at the house party she's attending, things begin to look up for her and her brother Gerrard when Vane shows up and puts his investigating skills to good use.Though Patience hates the idea of getting tied to an ""elegant gentleman"" for life, she finds herself falling in love with the handsome cynster.Laurens continues to amaze with her talent for writing. Hopefully she'll continue to pull off these wonderful romance novels for",any yea
60073,__label__1,"Booooooring!!!!!!: This is my third book by Stephanie Laurens, and unfortunately...I think its my last...I have tried to like this author, but I just cant do it. ""A Rakes Vow"" was sooo excruciatingly slow I wasnt even able to finish it...there was no plot..its just a bunch of way too long sex scenes broken up by chatting around the breakfast table...Not worth reading...",
60074,__label__2,"Cynster: They are so romantic, the way they always bring their women first. Oh and do they know how to make you feel like your the one in the story.",
60075,__label__1,"its ok: I dont think this is a spoiler alert. If it is im sorry. I have been reading this series, Im like 7 or 8 books in now. There is a recurring theme in all these books, to the point that Im not even interested in them anymore.boy vows to never marry (or just marry for convienence sake)boy meets girlgirl is indifferent to boyboy and girl have a shared interest/mystery to solveboy decides to marry girlgirl is resistantboy and girl have lots of sex (pages and pages of sex)(i end up flipping ahead, its all the same really)boy and girl finally marry and live happily ever afterAnd so far it always seems that girl runs straight into boy somehow. that seems to be how they all meet.",
60076,__label__1,"I'm still not finished!: I've had this book for months, and have only made it about 3/4's of the way through it. I've read other books instead of finishing this one. I can't seem to get myself interested in it enough to finish, and that's extremely unusual for me. This was my second book in the Cynster Series, and I really liked Devil's Bride much better. I don't know if I will continue with the Cynster Series (when and if I even finish this one). At least I can see from other reviews that I'm not the only one disappointed in this book. I'm going to force myself to read the rest of it, but I honestly can't see myself continuing with this series.The plot is thin at best, and taking far too long to get interesting. Patience started getting on my nerves in the first few pages and I almost want Vane to walk away from her. With all her casual liason's with him, it's amazing that pregnancy or scandal never crosses her mind.",
60077,__label__1,"Cynster men do not beg!: Not nearly as well written as ""Devil's Bride"". I was disappointed to see one af the Cynsters have to beg to get attention and the woman he wanted it from didn't have enough spunk to suit him. Let's hope Richard has better luck.",
60078,__label__1,Not what I expected . . .: This book is so excruciatingly slow and boring I couldn't get past the 5th Chapter. It had NOTHING to hold my attention.,
60079,__label__1,"Vane deserved better!: After reading Devil's Bride I couldn't wait for Vane's story to be published. I'm sorry to say I was very disappointed. Vane, who we met in Devil's Bride, would simply not succumb to marriage as easily as was portrayed in this book. The author had him put up no fight at all. In fact, it seemed to be one chapter after another of Vane agonizing over how he would convince Patience to marry him. Stephanie, what were you thinking? Vane deserved better! Please don't let Scandal down.",
60080,__label__1,"So So Romance, but Really Really Slow...: I enjoyed the character of 'Vane' in Devil's Bride and decided to pick up the book with Vane's story. Although he is still very bit as attractive, he somehow lacked the excitment of a hero in this story. I failed to understand how the two of them felt in love. The relationship between the hero and heroine were not well developed leaving me only understanding the lust between the two.The story moved so so slowly starting from the middle. It was truely painful to get through. The thiefs sub-plot was not exciting in any way and the mystery not well developed in the book. I only finished the book because I bought it and refuse to waste money/book.",
60081,__label__2,"slow read but good: Like all the reviews I read said. ""Not as good as Devil's Bride"" but it was o k A little slow in places but all in all a good read",
60082,__label__1,"Boring, no end: I have watch all three Zenki Saga, don't know why. Stuborness, a undying hope the characters will develope. By the 3rd Saga you have about 10 min of stock footage in every episode, plus the same basic plot must make writing and animating it easy. By the end if I had to watch Zenki break his bonds, get the axe and be powered up by his brother one more time I might puke. The character never seem to develope, they are the same emotionally by this saga as the first. I would have liked to seen Zenki grow up emotionally just a little bit and Chiaki too. Just when the plot looks like it might get iteresting the DVD is over, so unless there is a 4th saga that the end mid plot point and everything. To bad I kinda liked Zenki brother, he had more character and seemed the one of the smartest. Overall, load, bright, requires no concentration, read a book while watching it, you wont miss anything important by giving it only half your attention.",
60083,__label__2,"Arguably Schulze's most timeless effort...: When this album came out it was viewed as a unique tour de force of music. Schulze, Michael Shrieve (of Santana) and Wolfgang Tidpold (on cello) playing nearly 40 minutes of highly rhythmic, droning music. But unlike a lot of space music or prog rock of the time, there was almost no melody or chord changes or even consistent rhythm here. Just a lot of hypnotic, trance-like, sequencer like, machine like (though almost entirely hand played) music.Now, over 20 years later, it sounds as amazingly unique as it did back then. Unlike much other music by Schulze in this vein that didn't have the same energy, or his older efforts which sound much more dated, this album has a certain timeless quality to it.I can't guarantee that if you buy it you'll love it. But I can guarantee that if you buy it you won't listen to it and have to take yourself back to 1985.",
60084,__label__2,"Good and Bad: Made in GER in 19??, Serial# 823-605-2, Playing Time 37:23Originally released in 1981, I've always had mixed feelings about KS's 14th album.I mean the music is spacy, with a soft beat (provided by Mike Shrieve), and nicely incorporates the cello of Mr. Tiepold.It's his shortest effort to date, but more importantly presents very little in way of novelty to the listener: in the past, each album represented a challenge to your ears. This time, it's quite ""banal"", though charming.Perhaps a disappointment to fans of avant-garde electronic music, but maybe a favorite for the novice: enjoyable but ""lazy"".",
60085,__label__2,Lots of fun songs for the family!: We are HUGE Bill Harley fans and this CD is packed with lots of fun and silly songs for the whole family. One of our favorites!,
60086,__label__2,"Good Music for the entire family: Bill Harley write music that is funny, insightful and entertaining. He blends go lyrical skills with strong musicianship and comic timing to create a wonderful recording that kids and parents alike will enjoy for some time to come.",
60087,__label__1,Not recommended: Got two sets. One broke after a month or two. Other set did the same. There are MUCH better products out there.,
60088,__label__1,Southwestern Bell S60211 Full-Size: Don't waste your money. The headset is cheap. The volume is so low even when it is set at its maximum setting.,
60089,__label__1,"Fuzzy, hollow sound on my end: The sound was not good on my end though the people I was talking to said it was fine. I spend many hours on the phone for my business, so I opted for the no frills Panasonic KX-TCA60.",
60090,__label__1,"Poor at best: As another said, you need to know everything about everything before reading this book. I cannot decide what this book is supposed to accomplish. What is its purpose? Is it a technical book or an MS advertisement? After a couple hundred pages, I found myself tired of hearing ""You can""...this and ""You can""...that, only to find that the how is usually left out. Considering that web page design is a relatively simple task (compared to, for example OS design,) this book proves that it is possible for man-kind to mess up just about anything. The one good thing I discovered from reading this book is what not to look for in an InterDev development book. At best, it's a confusing introduction. I wish I took more time to sample this book before plopping down my cash. Do yourself a favor: get all the O'Reilly books having to do with web design and piece things together; the documentation that comes with InterDev is, I dare say, more usefull than this book.",
60091,__label__1,"This 2nd edition is not much better, if the first was bad: I saw author's comment that this second edition has so much improvement over the first, so I bought one copy. I haven't read the first edition, but this second edition is hardly an improvement over anything, IMHO. I think the problem is that this book doesn't talk about problem solving, nor provide any insight to the product (VI 6)inner function. Ironically this is a book from Microsoft press.",
60092,__label__1,"Napkins are a better use for trees: This book is a very trite and superficial treatment of Visual InterDev. It is somewhere between nothing and the documentation. Microsoft Press should be embarrassed to be associated with this book. As a professional developer and trainer, I recommend to my students MSDN and the Site Builder Network.",
60093,__label__1,"Not Helpful w/ Visual Studio 6.0: My copy on InterDev came with Visual Studio 6.0. Using my copy of InterDev 6.0, I could not follow the examples in this book.",
60094,__label__1,"Don't bother ...: It's too little for the abject beginner, and not nearly enough for even a novice user. Microsoft clearly is depending on third party vendors to write the manuals for their software.",
60095,__label__1,Look Elsewhere!!: This book goes nowhere on actually teaching someone how to build an interactive site. The authors would have served everyone better if they took the time to walk someone thru a project.,
60096,__label__1,"A waste of time and money: Computer books seem to break down into one of three major categories: theoretical concept overviews, exhaustive step-by-step learning guides, or pinpoint reference guides (e.g. O'Reily In-A-Nutshell). This book is a muddled mix of all three without achieving the benefits of any. It's too lightweight and disorganized to be a reference manual and too cursory to be a learning guide.I am over 100 pages into this and I am not quite sure if I have learned anything useful. It was clearly written without an objective in mind, which is evident chapter after chapter. It was comforting to see that many others share my opinion. I wish I had read these reviews before purchasing.",
60097,__label__1,"very bad quality: This book is very poorly written---it doesn't teach you anything. I've read about 100 pages now and still couldn't find something real about InterDev. All the menus, toolbars, buttons in this book are for older versions of InterDev; I'm using V6.0(SP3) and can't find any of those mentioned in the book. Most of the description are just pointless. These guys don't know about InterDev---that's what I get from reading this book.",
60098,__label__1,"Not good book for anyone: I bought this book with intetnion it is going to be advanced book about programming VID 6.0 as the title says. Instead it is book badly written with no examples of any help. The part about DHTML is talking about dynamic postitioning, but there are no examples for useful things like form validating and so on. Part about ASP is also bad and not advanced at all. Authors should think once again if they are going to write something like this book. Don't buy it. Point.",
60099,__label__1,"Over-rated and confusing layout: When I bought the book there wasn't much around at the time. Wanting to learn Visual InterDev I got this one only to discover that you needed to know InterDev before you read it. The book tells you what InterDev does and dosn't explain why, nor does it give you any real working examples. The book also repeats itself too much. You will also need to learn ASP before you read this one. However, most of it uses InterDev scripting modules, which gets a database up and running quickly- useful but not when it comes to ASP programming.I wish I got InterDev Unleashed. I wasted my money on this one.",
60100,__label__1,Disappointing: This should have been a good book but wasn't. The Installation instructions refers to directories that don't exist on the CD. The CD provides a Access database that can't be used. I even talked to Visual Interdev technicians at Microsoft and they couldn't make it work. Chapters on integration with the Option Pack are really thin. Instructions assume that you know a lot.,
60101,__label__1,"Weak!: This is more like the manual that should have shipped with InterDev (what each menu does, etc) than anything that can be construed as useful. I actually held out for this book over the Wrox ASP book. Big mistake. If they come out with a new edition for VInterDev 2.0, they should include some EXAMPLES!!!!!",
60102,__label__2,Lovely: I have enjoyed reading and flipping the pages of this lovely book of cake tales. Maida Heatter is kind of a cake story teller wwhich appeals to me for I love stories. The recipes are precise -you must study them carefully but they work and produce wonderful results plus you'll have a story to tell -hers and yours!,
60103,__label__2,Nice watch: Really ok for the price. Watch band is cheap but it makes the watch light and doesn't feel like a weight at the end of your arm.,
60104,__label__1,"CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP: I bought these because of the reviews. I usually buy the $5 leggings at forever21 and wanted to invest in a nicer pair but cant afford lululemons.. So I thought maybe it would be a similar but knockoff type brand. OMG these leggings are the EXACT same quality as forever21's except the only difference is that these are $30 vs $5... I am returning them, reason being, is that they are see through and not worth the money. I also bought ""capezio"" leggings which I added the link below, and they are a little bit cheaper but more importantly NOT see through.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XZMCQK/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00",
60105,__label__1,Poorly crafted leggings.: My wife wore them once and the seam in the seat began to unravel. I also got her pair from Newport News that were of much sturdier construction. I would recommend going with those instead of these.,
60106,__label__1,"great but disappointed: 5'5"" 140 lbs. I ordered these in large. They are great; made in USA, nice fabric; great price. So I ordered three more pair but sized up to XL so I could freely launder without them becoming too small. The XL are same as L... so I guess anyone larger than 140 should look elsewhere. They actually told me they add 1/8th inch to the XL. Now that is just ridiculous !!! I do notice that washing them makes the legs longer. Too bad because they are terrific tights.",
60107,__label__1,"tights: I returned these - too loose... Have a hard time finding tall, slim sizes. Fabric seemed to be an ok weight, though I don't know how they would have worn since I didn't keep them. Had to wait a few weeks for the return credit.",
60108,__label__2,"Awesome: Best leggings I have ever purchased. These are perfect thickness,easy to put on & held up to the test of puppy claws jumping up on my legs with no snags. I am purchasing another pair after this review.",
60109,__label__1,Pretty crappy material: I bought a pair of these leggins based on the reviews I read here. I literally wore them twice before the ripped at the seam. They also pilled extremely fast. Wasn't worth the money,
60110,__label__2,"Great Leggings: This product is great. For the price, the product is top quality. Thick, comfortable, and they are long enough to easily cover my ankles (which many leggings don't. Thanks for a great buy!",
60111,__label__1,"Not for a petite woman: I'm 5'3"" 112 lbs. The small size is sluggish and 1 1/2 inches longer than I would like them to be. It's well made and material is ok for the price-not too thick nor thin. I'm afraid that they don't have x-small size.",
60112,__label__1,"Super thin: I didn't care for these leggings. They are very thin and not at all substantial. I should have returned them, but kept them for warmer weather wear.",
60113,__label__2,"Perfect: Made in America. Priced right. Perfect thickness and tight fit. Excellent for working out, yoga, pilates, around the house or even for layering. They are basic but they are not cheaply made or lacking quality.cons: I wish the color selection was better and that they made complementing tank tops, sports bras, shorts or calf length pants.",
60114,__label__2,WOMENS COTTON SPANDEX LEGGING BY ATHLETICA: GREAT...FITS ME VERY WELL....I HAVE THIN LEGS BUT THE PRODUCT ADAPTS TO THAT. LIKE THE WEIGHT TOO. WISH I HAD MORE COLORS TO CHOOSE FROM. LAUNDERS WELL TOO.,
60115,__label__2,"Yes! Yes! Yes!: After a couple of failed attempts with other brands, I found this one. An Amazon notice popped up saying I'd ordered this product from them years ago and sure enough they are the same product. I still have several of the older ones but after years of daily use, the occasional mishap with bleach and eventual fading, I wanted fresh new leggings that fit the same way. I had found another brand I liked but when I went to order more, they were sized differently, short in length and I the crotch, very uncomfortable, sent back 10 pairs at $20 each, Spiegel claimed they never got them. $200 gone forever. I'll never shop with Spiegel again. These, on the other hand, fit beautifully, just the way they made them years ago. Long, thin, high waisted. Beautiful! Sexy around the house with a tank top or under a skirt in public. A great extra layer under pants for those of us who get cold easily. I ordered 10 and may order 10 more. I love them!",
60116,__label__2,"They last and last: I bought several pairs of these leggins nearly 2 years ago. Even with weekly washing and drying, they are in great shape. The keep me warm, as I'm the cold blooded type. They don't sag or creep. Will be ordering more.Update: January 2012...These are still going strong and have not shrunk up as many cotton things seem to do. Even though I don't need to replace the old ones, I'll buy some more as a precaution in case they discontinue them. I love them that much.",
60117,__label__1,"See through: So I found a great deal on these and purchased two pairs...however, I will only be wearing these with a long shirt or dress. I don't know how many ladies who bought these have turned around, bent over,and taken a good look in the mirror. I have and got a great look at my ass! I suggest not buying these if you plan on wearing them to yoga and doing some forward folds!",
60118,__label__1,"Ripped first wearing: I didn't try these on after purchasing for a couple months, and during the first wearing, the center seam busted and that was it. Needle holes had expanded and split along one side. Not a good quality fabric.",
60119,__label__2,"Nice quality leggings: These are nice leggings...light-to-medium thickness...perfect for Spring and Summer in areas with moderate to hot climates. I have thicker thighs and, even though these aren't the thickest leggings, the coverage is adequate. I haven't had them long enough to comment about their durability, but they appear to be well-made, so my fingers are crossed for them to last a while. So I'd consider these leggings a good value.",
60120,__label__2,"nice tights: solid color, a little show through on the butt area however they are thick enough to not be mistaken for stockings.",
60121,__label__1,spandex leggings: I didn't find that these legging gave support. They were thin and I really couldn't feel the spandex. They just were not what I wanted.,
60122,__label__1,"Not Athletica - decent quality: The label on the back says ""City Lights"" [...]Not really sure if it's Athletica unless they don't put that label on them. The pants are nice. But not what I was expecting. I've used them for yoga and biking. They are comfortable and durable.",
60123,__label__2,"A must for every journalist: ""The Practical Guide to Libel Law"" offers a three-step system for identifying potentially defamatory statements in news stories, gathering proof to back up the statements and writing your story to best take advantage of libel law. It's easy to follow and low on jargon. And Rosini's real-life examples were easy to apply in a deadline-obsessed newsroom. Especially helpful are the review questions, destined to be posted in cubicles everywhere. As a working journalist, I appreciate this refresher in the do's and dont's. I definitely will recommend it to coworkers.",
60124,__label__2,Stylish way to hold napkins: I love this napkin holder. It's tall enough so the napkins don't blow out. Could also be used as a flower vase/base. Very happy!,
60125,__label__2,egg perfection: these cool silicone rings make the perfect egg shape for you cooks. Kids will love to help the adults cook eggs in these sunny rings,
60126,__label__1,Doesn't really work: I got this hoping to make eggs about the size of my english muffin. Won't really hold an egg in. It leaks out all around the edges. I have tried to start witha super hot skillet but that doesn't help either. I woulding purchase it again.,
60127,__label__2,"Great idea, doesn't always work.: This is a great idea, but the ring doean't always stay flat on the cooking surface. So, the egg oozes out from underneath.",
60128,__label__2,This is the one you want: Great product! Works perfectly with a little cooking spray and it is exactly the right size. Would recommend to all.,
60129,__label__1,"Doesn't work: I ordered this thinking it would help me make egg and bacon sandwiches, you know, with a nice round piece of egg. It did not. I have tried it many different ways and it always ends up stuck to the ring and making a mess. I also tried it with pancakes the other day to see if it worked any better with them, it didn't. I like the idea of the product but the actuality of it is not good.",
60130,__label__1,"Disappointing: Pretty much useless, since eggs stick to the ring no matter how much oil or non-stick spray you apply first. Might work for some other purpose, but I bought this specifically to cook eggs and they work poorly for that application.",
60131,__label__1,"i got something totally different: I just have to say i got something definitely look different from the picture above.what I have got is only the handle part of the egg ring, which is as big as my thumb, without the circular silicone part.not sure should i be claiming for return or exchange or not, it is just too much of a hassle for a 5 dollar piece of silicone.",
60132,__label__2,"Trudeau Silicone Egg Ring: I Have used silicone bakeware before and know they are a good product.i recived my egg ring and I have used it several times. It is a very good product, and does what it made to do. It keeps your egg from spreading out all over the pan. The egg ring is very easy top remove when it is time to turn the egg over.",
60133,__label__2,Useful item: This item works well. It allows eggs to be cooked in a perfect circle so that breakfast sandwiches can be made. It can also be used for pancakes too. Washup is easy.,
60134,__label__2,"Works just as I had hoped: This item keeps an egg in a nice, round shape while it fries, thereby avoiding the usual expansion of a raw egg across the surface of the pan. The fact that this ring is made of Silicone instead of metal makes it suitable for use in non-stick frying pans. Since it is billed as a combo pancake mold/egg-frying mold, it is slightly larger in diameter than would be ideal for a sandwich-sized egg, but it does work well and doesn't burn your fingers. I am not disappointed.",
60135,__label__2,"Get it! study it! you'll pass the exam!: Very helpful book to pass the exam, questions are very similar to the real test. But you need to have read a text book before using this book, I read first a TCP/IP book ISBN: 0130112518, then I complement it with this Readiness Review and scored 866 on the exam.",
60136,__label__2,"Buy this one and pass it!: I bought a copy of this book based on the reviews here, and I must say everyone was right! This should be considered a ""must have"" if you're taking the TCP/IP exam. The book asks some pretty tough questions (the real exam questions are a bit tougher) and will give you an excellent flavor on EXACTLY what to expect from the exam. The book asks you a question, then explains both the right AND WRONG answers to the question. I also read the TCP/IP guide from Prentice Hall and found the two of these books to be very complimentary. I scored a 966 on the exam.",
60137,__label__2,"Politically Incorrect 70's Cool: Burt Reynolds is McCoy, a private detective that seduces women, roughs up lowlifes and sleeps on a pool table. The plot is a contrived mix of Raymond Chandler and Shaft, but no matter. Burt is bringing the cool and the pleasures in this movie are derived from straight-banging, unapologetic machismo. A flick like this could not be made today without major compromises. McCoy would be softer, more boyish looking, fully in touch with his feelings. In short, he wouldn't be allowed to strangle people with chains to obtain information. Shamus is admittedly an odd mixture of hard action and light humor, and the ending is a mad scramble, but fans of hard edged 70's Burt vehicles like The Longest Yard and White Lightning should respond to it. And it goes very well with pizza and beer.",
60138,__label__2,"Shamus: One of Burt Reynolds Action classics from the 70'sBurt is a private eye, who gets it really hot....something he did'nt suspect...i'll gladly recomend this movie....",
60139,__label__1,"Dog Poop with a diamond in the middle: Great marketing tactic. Put 1 good song (Sgt. MacKenzie) on an album and fill the rest of it with garbage that couldn't sell by itself and then make all the tracks ""Album Only"" so you'll have to buy the whole album! Lousy tracks, coming around on ""The Widowing Fields"", somewhat decent. Bought album only for ""Sgt. MacKenzie"" since you can't it anywhere else.",
60140,__label__1,"Too bad there's not a ""0 star"" rating: I wish I had read these reviews before buying this ""soundtrack"" -- which actually consists of two GREAT songs from the movie, and some fair-to-mediocre country tunes ""inspired by"" the movie. (Imagine the soundtrack CD from Titanic featuring a tune about the folklore of ocean liners by Johnny Cash, instead of the music of James Horner and Celine Dion, and you get the picture.) Even the great period pop songs from the movie like ""Hold On, I'm Comin'"" weren't included. The best of the real movie soundtrack (minus the pseudo-country drivel) could easily have been included in one package. Instead, now I get to shell out more money for the ""original score,"" which is mainly what I wanted in the first place. What a dirty trick to play on fans of the film! And I plan to write Paramount to tell them so.",
60141,__label__1,"A Disappointment: If you expect to get the music you heard in the movie don't buy this CD. This should not be classified ""Soundtrack"".",
60142,__label__1,"Not a Soundtrack: Though the collection of music on this CD is great (some), it is not a Soundtrack of the movie. If one reads the title carefully (which I did not because it is not visable on-line), the music is from the movie (little), but mostly ""Inspired"" by the movie. Huge difference. I was disappointed that I did not receive what I thought I was purchasing. Including the word ""Soundtrack"" on this CD is misleading.",
60143,__label__1,"MMMMMMMMMM song?: I haven't heard this CD, but is that song on it when they are getting on the helicopters for the first time in combat? You know, the one that goes ""mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm"". What is the name of that song?",
60144,__label__1,"TERRIBLE!!! These 'songs' are completely inappropriate: NONE of these songs appeared in the movie. NONE of these songs have a THING to do with the movie ""WE WERE SOLDIERS"". Thank god I checked Amazon before I bought this piece of junk. Where's the score, from composer Nick Glennie-Smith????",
60145,__label__1,"Painful to listen: I loved the movie, and expected the same emotions from this album. Instead, it's SonyNashvilles attempt to get some of their soulless country music in the public eye. The songwriting is so bad that listening at times becomes it embarassingly painful. It seems like they showed the film to a 4th grade class and had them write what they thought about it. There are a few gems, but not enough to justify buying it. Hopefully the score makes up for it. This is pure drivel and SonyNashville should be embarrassed.",
60146,__label__1,What the hell: Where's the real soundtrack? I want those haunting symphonic strings and other songs heard in the movie!,
60147,__label__1,"Inspirational it is NOT.: There were only two pieces that I recall from the movie and they are the last two on the CD. The rest is junk, wasn't part of the movie and not at all inspiring.",
60148,__label__1,"Disappointment: I should have paid attention to what the CD was and was disappointed with it. It did have some music from the movie, but it was a compilation of related music that I didn't equate to the movie. Get the soundtrack.",
60149,__label__1,disapointed: I wanted the sound track from the movie the way the music was on the movie.not somthing eles that was not in the movie.,
60150,__label__1,"Where's the movie music?: I was very disappointed with this soundtrack. The music from the film is notably absent. A soundtrack is supposed to feature music from the film, isn't it? This CD simply fails to remind of the film in any way. Overall, a good CD, but it has little to do with the movie. The only track on this CD which reminds me of any portion of the movie is the Gallic piece they play during dustoff.",
60151,__label__1,"They tricked me!!!!!!!: Well, kind of anyways. I bought this cd right after the movie, not thinking to scout out the cd when I purchased it. I had assumed that this cd would feature the score and IT DIDN'T! Oh well, my stupidity is to blame for that I suppose.Among the songs on this cd are a few solid songs like Tammy Cochran's 'I Believe' and a new version of Steven Curtis Chapman's 'Solidier'. Buyer beware, though, this cd only has one song from the movie. If you want my honest assessment, buy the REAL movie score, not this cd.",
60152,__label__2,"This cd reflects true emotions of soldiers and families affected by war: Coming from a family member of one of the soldiers that served and died under Gen Moore's command in the Ia Drang Valley, I must say that this cd fully captures the wide range of emotion that everyone involved has felt along the way. A big thank you to the artists that participated. Your music brought me to tears!",
60153,__label__2,"read the title!: First of all I'd like to say to anyone whining about the fact that a lot of the music on the soundtrack is not in the movie: READ THE TITLE! I believe the title is something along the lines of Music From and INSPIRED BY the movie We Were Soldiers. On that note, the music is a fitting patriotic tribute to the themes of the movie. While I don't love every song on the soundtrack, that may be because not all the songs cater to my personal musical tastes. However, I would like to say that ""The Beautiful"" by Five For Fighting is a TRULY beautiful song.",
60154,__label__1,"We Were Soldiers (Music From and Inspired By): I was very disappointed with this CD, as there were only 2/3 songs from the soundtrack. Your add implied it was the Soundtrack and it clearly isn't. The original music was breathtaking and this wasn't. Sue",
60155,__label__2,"Great Soundtrack: Fans of the movie ""We Were Soldiers"" and fans of plain old great music will enjoy this soundtrack. The songs were written specifically for the movie. Standout tracks are Carolyn Dawn Johnson singing ""Some Mother's Son""-she sings this with a great deal of emotion and the song paints a perfect portrait of what it is like to lose someone in a war. The incredible pairing of Johnny Cash and Dave Matthews in ""For You"" is also a standout track on this album. Most of the album is contemporary Christian artists (Steven Curtis Chapman)and country artists (Jamie O'neal, Tammy Cochran, Montgomery Gentry). Overall, a very enjoyable album to listen to.",
60156,__label__1,"Sountrack, ""We Were Soldiers"": I wish I could provide a stellar review of this soundtrack; the problem is, it's not the soundtrack from the film ""We Were Soldiers"". The only similarity between this and the wonderful music selections and performances of the film are in two cuts: ""Sgt. MacKenzie"" (you know, the ""lay me doon on the cold, cold groond"" song); which is, admittedly, some great music by Joseph MacKenzie. And of course, the US Military Academy Glee Club and Metro Voices ""Mansions of The Lord"", so beautiful and fitting that it was chosen to be played at the late President Reagan's funeral. This cut alone was worth the purchase price of the CD. But I wish I'd parted with the $.99 to just download these cuts, and skipped the rest...",
60157,__label__1,The music on this CD wasn't in the movie: this cd is a huge disapptionment. I remember watching the movie and being moved by the music. Half the songs on the CD aren't in the movie. It is as if a group of singers got together and wrote a bunch of songs that have nothing to do with movie. As far as I can tell there is one song that was used in the movie. Don't waste your time with this CD.,
60158,__label__2,"Good Read: This book taught me a lot about blind children. The basic plot was interesting, but was not developed very much. The book focused more on the relationships of the characters in the book than on the mystery. Overall, I would recommend it to readers who do not get impatient if there is not a lot of action. Otherwise, people might find this book boring.",
60159,__label__1,"Still didn't have every fitting I need!: Where there are a number of fittings here, I still didn't have everything I needed to use a generic r12 manifold set on my factory installed R12 vehicle!",
60160,__label__1,"revisionist dissembling: Only a ""scholar"" could ignore the plain text of Leviticus 18:22, Romans 1:26-32, and similar pre-Christian and early Christian proscriptions of homosexual sex, then divert into the etymology of the term ""sodomy"" to pretend that the sinfulness of homosexual behavior is some recent fabrication of a ""homophobic"" cabal in the Church. As early as the Council of Ancyra (314 A.D.) the Church spoke juridically against those ""who.. commit [acts of] defilement with animals or males."" Certainly that the Church spoke in different terms, even in circumlocutions, to avoid describing acts so foul against Christian morality provides no ""cover"" for the sin. Whether ""sodomy,"" ""defilement,"" or ""liers with mankind,"" Christians have always taught that homosexual behavior is intrinsically disordered and sinful --- at least until revisionist ""scholars"" sought to muddy the water with fabrications.",
60161,__label__2,"Faulkner's first published novel: Poetic and with an ""ackward lyricism"" (Weinstein, BECOMING FAULKNER). The novel more faithful to the naturalist-realist tradition Faulkner inherited--from Anderson, Dreiser, et al.--than other of his less accessible works. A fecundity of poetic description imbues the natural world with more life than some of the characters. ""A tree...turning upward its ceaseless white-bellied leaves, was a swirling silver veil stood on end, a fountain arrested forever; carven water.""",
60162,__label__2,"wonderful neo-psychedelic pop: Picture a kinder, gentler Syd Barrett era Pink Floyd, add some great female vocals, a cello, and some jangling guitars, maybe some Jefferson Airplane and (very early--think Wishing Chair) 10,000 Maniacs, and the symphonic extremes of the Moody Blues' Days of Future Passed.....back in 1988 when I was listening to 100s of new records a year as a college DJ, this was probably among my top 5. I found a used copy in a little CD store in Vancouver last year--if you can find one, buy it. You will not be disappointed.",
60163,__label__2,"Halloweentastic!: It was great. I have been a fan of all the Halloween films since I was a kid. I'm glad that they released a ""triple feature"" for these. When sequels are released just like this it saves room on my shelf for more movies. That's why I like these type of releases.",
60164,__label__2,Lively and uplifting: If you like Irish music this is a must have. Lively and upbeat sounds will inspire you to get up and dance.,
60165,__label__2,Good and Easy: The Hay Diet Made Easy was very informative and easy to read and understand how to combine your foods. There is so much information about food combining in this book. I liked the book. I can't express enough how easy it was to understand the way to combine your foods.,
60166,__label__2,Simple and to the point !: The book is written simply and easy to understand. I really am learning a lot from the analyses and comparisons contained throughout.,
60167,__label__1,"NOTHING EASY ABOUT IT: This book just gives me a headache.It is so complicated to follow. Recipes would have helped and examples of combinations instead of just listing what is alkaline, acidic, neutral, protein, etc and trying to figure it all out yourself!?? So confusing!Not helpful at all. would love to know if there is a real SIMPLE book that will help with this kind of diet.",
60168,__label__2,"Food Combining by Jackie Habgood: Jackie Habgood's book The Hay Diet Made Easy is just that--an easy to read and understand book on the theory and practice of William H. Hay's food combining diet. While there are other books available, this is perhaps the best for someone new to method, as well as those who suffer from various ailments to which our esteemed medical establishment often turns a blind eye. The only drawback to Ms. Habgood's work is the actual layout of the sections: these tend to run together without a definite sense of division. However, whether for reference (her charts are great) or inspiration or learning, this book is truly the only book one would need to purchase.",
60169,__label__2,"Sensible Eating: When I first heard of the Hay Diet, I thought it provided the ultimate answers to all the questions I had asked over many years of experience in practical eating but had never found elsewhere.As a student of experimental science at various levels over a quarter of a century it always amazed me that we ordinary mortals daily shove virtually anything down our throats and never seem to worry if the items involved are compatible with one another or if combining them is conducive to good health.Jackie Habgood's book recognises the sensible reality that all foods are not friendly to all others and she explains the basic theory of keeping proteins and carbohydrates apart and of the probable undesirable effects of not facing the facts.But her book is a gem in turning the theory into an easily digestible programme for daily eating. A great book and a great buy.",
60170,__label__2,"Very Good!!: I know I'm partial to Jars of Clay, but I thought this was a very good DVD.Yes there are other songs that I wish were on here, but still I enjoyed it very much!!",
60171,__label__1,"What A Disappointment: I ahve purchased and rented many concert videos and DVDs over the years, and found the production values to be amateurish, at best.The photography on the concert itself was dark and drab, nowhere near the quality of Jars of Clay's music videos. This was a modern recording, so why is it only in 224kbps 2.0 stereo? What about a PCM or Dolby Digital 5.1 mix? The 2.0 stereo sounded almost as if it was really 2.0 mono.""ten:thirty"" was boring. A collection of home movies shot during recording with the band doing mostly nothing, edited with short commments by the band members.Also, couldn't they have included some music videos from ""The Eleventh Hour"" as bonus material.If ""Jars Of Clay"" is reading this review, they might want to consider hiring an experienced crew to film, edit, and mix the concert, and an experienced DVD author for better navigation.",
60172,__label__2,"A good representaion of Kitaro's early works: I always like Kitaro's earlier works the best, up to about the mid 80's or so. This is a nice, mellow,melodic, flowing album that was very much the style of Kitaro at the time. This is probably his third best studio album after Ki and Tunhaung. There are several versions of this album, but if you can find the original analog recording, you will be richly rewarded. The newest remixed/remastered version is a bit edgey and slightly bright, which does not help this otherwise relaxing album.",
60173,__label__1,"Mediocre at best: Kitaro never quite gets 'it'. The 'it' a Jarre, Vangelis, Schulze did get in those days. Oasis is a bit cheesy, a bit too commercial, too clinical, can't lay my finger on it, it seems to be missing a 'soul'. Maybe in the 70's this sounded great, but nowadays it just very very dated.Granted, a few nice songs such as 'Rising Sun' and 'Aqua' (for two songs it gets two stars), but mainly elevator music, best soon forgotten.Btw, the beginning of 'Rising Sun' and 'Floating' from the album Moondawn by Klaus Schulze are eerily similar. What's that about mr. Kitaro?Well, maybe Schulze got it from Kitaro. He produced the Japanese 'Far East Family Band', of which kitaro was a member, and Moondawn was inspired by the Far East Family Band.",
60174,__label__2,"Must have.: This album is without a doubt a must- have in my opinion. The vocals are absolutely amazing mixed with brilliant lyrics.. You can't help but love The Blood Brothers. I recently saw them with Coheed and Cambria, Dredg,and MeWithoutYou. Besides Coheed , the got the best response from the crowd. They have pure raw energy as well as sound, which makes them the unique band they are. A big breath of fresh air,much appreciated",
60175,__label__2,"Absolutely phenomenal!!: I can't begin to describe to you how phenomenal this CD is. I saw the Blood Brothers live a few months ago, and it was one of the best shows I've ever been to and I've been obsessed with them ever since. I picked up this CD a month ago and haven't been able to stop listening to it. It is a really smart album; these guys really know what they're doing. They have a sound that is all their own. I can honestly say I have never heard anything like this before. You can hear the energy that they possess when you listen to this CD. The lyrics are incredible and obscure and I love them because these songs are written like no other band I've heard. I love the entire album, but my favorite track is ""Peacock Skeleton With Crooked Feathers"". You won't understand until you listen to the Blood Brothers ""Crimes""",
60176,__label__2,"Simply speechless: This album is simply devine. When i first heard it, i was skeptical because it wasn't the screams i had somewhat hopes for like ""Burn Piano Island"", but when i thought of it, ""Piano Island"" was nothing like ""March On"", which was different from ""This Adultery""... so my thoughts changed. The beats may be different, but the lyrics are as imaginative and strange as ever. Which was half the reason i started listening to the Blood Brothers in the first place. Once i listened to songs such as ""Trash Flavored Trash"" and ""My First Kiss"", I was hooked.If you have ANY love for the Blood Brothers AT ALL, and you liked anything from ""Gagged In A Casket"" all the way up to ""Six Nightmares At The Pinball Masquerade"", i highly suggest buying this CD.",
60177,__label__1,"Sons of Volta: BB are one of those try-too-hard-to-be-edgy indie bands who, deservedly so, got some attention with this release. It is almost a shame that they put so much stock into the attention-grabbing vocals, because it's obvious the band has more going for it then gimmicks. As it stands, they sound like the bastard offspring of Mindless Self Indulgence and Sleater-Kinney.",
60178,__label__1,"Not their best work: I'm a huge Blood Brothers fan. HOWEVER-- Crimes is a terribly commercialistic release lacking creativity and the Blood Brothers usual spark. I'll admit Burn Piano Island, Burn was also a rather commercialistic, mainstream (as mainstream as someone like the Blood Brothers can get) release, however, It did have at least 3 songs I liked a lot-- Though it also contained the WORST song to ever be produced: Denver Max. Aside from these two releases the Blood Brothers have always been an amazing trio-- with excellent works such as This Adultry is Ripe and my personal favorite release of theirs-- March On Electric Children. My advice: If you're getting into the Blood Brothers, buy their previous releases.",
60179,__label__1,"The ""Napoleon Dynomite"" of music: This has got to be the worst CD I've ever heard in my entire life. I came on Amazon expecting to hear more of the same but instead I find a handful of people with obviously malfuctioning ears claiming that this is the ""future of hardcore"" and proclaiming ""the singers voice is so high-pitched and annoying, I love it!"". Obviously this is one of those ""it's so bad, someone will have to like it just to be different"" gimmicks, similar to Napoleon Dynomite. And just like Napoleon Dynomite, by the end you will wonder if you will ever get those precious moments of your life back again.",
60180,__label__2,"EXCELLENT followup to burn piano island burn: Okay, so Crimes is a little bit more mellow, (i dont want to use that word, because it is NOT a mellow album), than Burn Piano Island Burn. but that's what makes it a great follow up album. it has a little bit of a different sound, as apposed to sounding the exact same, (as sparta did with porcelain :-\). every song on the cd is amazing and very well put together. you won't need to use the skip button on your cd player at all.",
60181,__label__2,"Crazy sums it up: I've never made music while on an acid-trip but if I ever did this is what it would have to sound like- welcome to the world of the Blood Brothers. The music is really difficult to decipher as there are so many ideas thrown out there, both lyrically and musically. I can honestly say I've never heard anything like this before, incoherent bits of melody mashed with a singer that screams at off-the-wall decibels and another that I was horrified to find out was a man (his singing is insanely high-pitched). While the album may wear on you after a few listens, it is a welcome break from your standard pop formula. If you are new to them I would definitely pick up ""Crimes"" first, and if you enjoy it branch off to the other highly enjoyable ""Young Machetes.""",
60182,__label__1,"Hmmmm....... What happened?: This cd has some stuff that I really like and some stuff that I really hate. I like how they experimented with new sounds and hip-hop beats. My favorite song is LIVE AT THE APOCALYPSE CABARET. Another good one is WOLF PARTY. Besides that the album pretty much sucks. Its really plain and simple. All the songs sound the same and the lyrics arent written as good as their previous albums. I would recommend MARCH ON THE ELECTRIC CHILDREN as their best album. Also BURN PIANO ISLAND, BURN. This one is just not as good. It does'nt even compare. If your a fan of previous Blood Brothers cd's, then dont be surprised if you hate this one.",
60183,__label__1,"What are the other reviews talking about??: This cd is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE.Are people just trying to be trendy or something by saying this is good? I'm tired of reading good reviews for BAD MUSIC. I get sucked into buying some really terrible music!This cd is nothing but some guy screaming in a high pitch, GRATING voice, over random drum beats and music, the ENTIRE time. Some of the music has potential to be good...if you can tune out this constant screaming.Screaming is good for EMPHASIS in a song... NOT good for the ENTIRE song... EVERY song. I can't believe it made it onto a label. I can't speak for their past works, but this one is TERRIBLE. I wish I could give it ZERO STARS but Amazon won't let me.*Do yourself a favor and get cd's from Modey Lemon, the Distillers & the YeahYeahYeahs instead. Or, if you're really into screaming... get Bantam Rooster, at least they're good.",
60184,__label__1,"Wow...: Bad music. End of story. I don't care who you are. You can't actually listen to this and enjoy it. Music like this is just a shiny badge that scene kids and chain-smoking art school dropouts can wear to say, ""Yeah, I listen to stuff like, The Blood Brothers, The Fall of Troy, The Locust, you know..."" If you haven't heard this, please take my word that it is crap and it will make you a gross, ugly person!",
60185,__label__1,"Fallen heroes?: I don't think this album is that great. I really wanted to love it, but couldn't. I am a Blood Brothers fan, hell... I live in Redmond where they are from. But this disc is not as good as the last one at all. Yes, I am glad that they are growing as musicians and trying new things, but this disc is not that great. It doesn't have the intensity and complexity of the last album, also Johnny's voice becomes a little to much to take on the record. His high pitched squeals sound much like Karen-O, and makes me want to turn of the disc. A few songs are good, And yes the Blood Brothers are great but I'm not going to give a disc a high rating unless it really deserves it.",
60186,__label__2,"Yeah, there's a trend here somewhere: I really don't understand how the previous reviewers can refer to anyone that likes this album to be trendy or ""scene"". Seems the trendy thing to do is to dismiss a band when they start to experiment musically. To call them ""sell-outs"" and walk away to find the next underground phenomenon so you can say you heard of them first. Fortunately, some of us are more concerned about music itself, regardless of what genre, who writes it, or what they've done before. Alright, now that I got that out, this album is IMO the best Blood Brothers effort to date. Anyone interested in hearing something that breaks out of the norm should give this a spin. The person that commented on how this sounds like ""Mars Volta with a case of Red Bull"" was pretty dead-on. One of the best cds I've bought in awhile. Maybe now I can go see them live without all the little boys running around with cowlicks and girl pants.",
60187,__label__2,"Better than all!: Just to advise you, if you LOVED Burn, Piano Island, Burn... with all of your heart and you want that same sound from this album you'll be dissapointed. BUT if your ready for a new sound, higher pitch vocals, stuff like that, then i suggest buying this one right now! It is my personal favorite out of all of there albums, its more flowing, easier to listen to. I am a Blood Brothers freak, and i love the new direction there going in. A must buy for all true fans!",
60188,__label__2,"Music for maniacs...: It seems everyone I talk to about The Blood Brothers says the same thing, ""I like their old stuff but Crimes is way too commercial!"" I have to disagree with that. I don't think this CD is at all a commercial album, it's just different. This music makes me dance like an amped up spazz! I don't know what that really says about it to any of you, but to me that says it's GREAT!!!",
60189,__label__2,"Deep, deep insights: The writing is as great as ever by Drucker, I don't understand why this book is less popular than others.For example, the essay on Japanese culture and why Japan will fail economically was written almost ten years ago, and it is the deepest and best analysis I have seen. The time was 1993, everybody in Japan including the monks that Peter talked to was talking about economics, yet Peter rightly sensed that the problem of Japan was cultural and social rather than economic.",
60190,__label__2,"Redplez: First heard of this band on Myspace. Them seem to be a cross between Radiohead and Coldplay. Good original melodies and chords. They sound like they've been playing together for a while. Does not sound like a ""freshman"" album. Give it a try!",
60191,__label__1,"Sucks: If you're going to whine and churn out the same tired pop-punk/alternative progressions that radio has been shoving down our throats for years, then you may want to divide and not multiply.",
60192,__label__2,"Great for Audio Books: I purchased this Sanso player for audiobooks, and it's the best I've found so far. I was especially looking for one that ran on batteries. There's nothing worse than being in the middle of a page-turner and having to stop to recharge your devise! Or being on a hike, on an airplane, etc. where it's impossible to find an electric outlet.Plus it's very lightweight and fits easily into a pocket.As for the short battery life that other reviewers have mentioned - I use rechargeable batteries, which doesn't improve the length of the battery, but does help with the expense.This device handles both Audible.com titles and downloads from my local library. It's easy to navigate, and the sound level is fine. It's getting harder and harder to find battery-operated MP3 players, so I've stocked up on this one.",
60193,__label__1,"DON'T BUY! History of unfixable lockups!: I've had my Sansa c140 for just over a year. Several times it has locked up, and I've managed to get it working again. Now it won't connect to my computer, all text is missing from the menus, and tech support isn't responding. (Being out of warranty, they probably won't.)From what I've seen, this is a common problem, with no fix posted. Personally, I will avoid Sansa products in the future. I will certainly NOT buy another one of these!",
60194,__label__1,Sansa c140 a big mistake: This is awful like within 2 weeks it started to develop problems now its just frozen on me its bad,
60195,__label__2,SanDisk Sansa c140: Had this item for a month. It hasn't been used very much yet but so far all functions work well and the player is compact and easy to use outdoors and during moving activities. Battery life is pretty good.,
60196,__label__1,"Mine's frozen...: I've had my C140 for a few months now with no problems - no distortion issues no trouble moving files to it. HOWEVER, with doing absolutely nothing to it, my C140 is now frozen. I can power it off but it's as if the hold button is on. I can't forward to the next track, reverse to the last track - play and pause do nothing... It's stuck at 1:06 of the last song I played. It's toast...",
60197,__label__1,"Bad player. Zerro reliability.: I bougth this player almost one year ago. From the first minute I was dissapointed by the sound quality. Compares with old cassette player (not even with the worst cd player). Battery average life was under 10 hours.Doesn't connect directly to USB (had to carry always with me the cable huge connector).Documentation is poor. It took me over 2 months of web research to find out how to create playlists (you sinply transfer the .m3u files to the root of the audible folder).Finally after 10 months the player is broken. After a media transfer with my pc it was never stopped updating the storage so the only sollution was to take out the battery. After restart the player was FROZEN with the last song played before the media transfer and the battery level on red (no control working, not even the power button).I wrote to the sandisk support twice (they never responded to the phone either).Buying again from SanDisk? NEVER!!!",
60198,__label__2,Sansa MP3 player: great little MP3 player.. the kids can figure it out and have a great time listening to their own music. great product for a great price!!,
60199,__label__1,good concept poor execution: When this unit works it is a great idea.Mine froze up on me and I was forced to return it.,
60200,__label__1,Junk: I returned this mp3 player because it kept shutting off and I would have to remove the battery and replace it to turn it back on i think it is not a good purchase. DON'T GET THIS TYPE OF MP3 PLAYER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,
60201,__label__1,"Don't waste your time / money: I bought this thing thinking it had good features for the $99 price tag. I used it for a few days and it is a piece of junk.The construction is very weak, the dial is lose, the sound quality is not that great (not horrible though) and my biggest problem is it doesn't sort the songs by the track number in the ID3 tags.I emailed support about this and they were very rude and rather than answering my questions about the sorting, they suggested I return it if I'm not happy with it.The only reason I didn't rate this one star is 'cause the player has FM radio, which I kind of liked.Anyway, I returned the C140 and got an Ipod Nano... It's $50 more, but WAAAAAAAY better.Just my two cents. ;)",
60202,__label__2,"Very happy with my SanDisk c140 MP3 player: I really appreciate the 'convenience' of this MP3 player functioning on only one (Lithium) AAA battery! I much prefer the idea of simply popping in a new battery rather than having to plug the entire unit into a power source... and wait.The menu driven interfacing and use with Windows Media Player is very easy to work with, however, the headphones included I found ill-fitting and only adequate, which is not the fault of the player (replaced with Sony MDR-EX71SL Fontopia).",
60203,__label__2,"Worth The Money: In the time I've owned it, the battery has lasted longer than 15 hours. While the songs sync slowly, very slowly through media player, it has no other glitches. Some MP3 players, won't play certain songs, no matter if they say they play them. I know format, so that wasn't the issue. This plays all the formats it promised. I love it so far. I've owned a lot of players, I avoid eclipse and coby. I hope a year from now, I still love it as much.",
60204,__label__1,"Worst Mp3 i have ever had!!!!: The player only lasts one or two hours with 1 aaa battery. Sometimes it turns on when its in my pocket and wont stop playing, and it goes dead. i hate it. dont buy it",
60205,__label__2,A good little MP3 player: I needed an MP3 player to hang around my neck as I walked. Both on a treadmill and around town. This little player fit the bill for my needs.It is easy to program and to use. I recommend it for a person that wants a small simple to use MP3 PLAYER,
60206,__label__1,"Going back to my Sony minidisc players: I have the c140 and c150, and both are very frustating. The c150 took 10 hours to fill the 2GB of memory. Now the C140 is acting up. I can not add or delete anything from this unit. With Sandisk support and trying to format it still no luck. A huge waste of time! And also money. I never had a problem with any of my minidisc players in over 8 years!",
60207,__label__1,sucks: The player was alright for a while but after like a month the display stopped showing any text and then it stopped linking up to my computer properly and when you call customer service at sandisk they are of little to no help. Overall I would not advise this item,
60208,__label__1,"SanDisk c-140 Review: We purchased this product as a Christmas gift. The MP3 player arrived, but did not include the very necessary CD which contains the ""Sansa Media Converter"" software so that we could put pictures onto it, nor the even more important ""User's Manual."" It had obviously been repackaged into a different box from its original packaging. Very frustrating.",
60209,__label__1,"You Can Get Better Quality Somewhere elese: I have another SanDisk 512mb mp3 player. After the headphones went out and the face plate got smashed on this mp3 player, I was eager for an upgrade.I've had this one for about a month, this was a Christmas gift to myself. The headphones has already gone out on this (this is a pattern in there mp3 players). You can't turn it up very loud. It's easy to navigate and transfer music but there are other mp3 players that have the same features and do more better than SanDisk. Yes, you can put pictures on the mp3 player, I would avoid doing so seeming that the screen is extremely small.",
60210,__label__2,"great alternative to ipod: santa brought one each for my 8 & 10yr olds. the sandisk units are fairly easy to use and with one simple lesson, my boys taught me what to do! they feel a little cheap compared to an ipod but with the color screen and radio tuner, it's a much better option than the 1 gig ipod.",
60211,__label__1,NOT THE BEST: I LIKE THE SIZE BUT THE DOWNLOAD TIME IS SOOOO SLOW. I BOUGHT ANOTHER SAN DISK MP3 PLAYER AND IT IS 10 TIMES AS FAST AND WAS MUCH CHEAPER.,
60212,__label__1,"Freezes: I read many reviews on this product and I saw a few that said the product froze on many customers. I thought to myself, ""Oh well, sucks to be those peope...""Unfortunately SUCKS TO BE ME. I purchased this mp3 player and the very next day it froze at the front title screen. I tried everything from restarting, new batteries, etc. but nothing would work. It continued to freeze at the title screen.Word of advice to SanDisk, RECALL THIS PRODUCT OR YOUR GOING TO LOSE MANY CUSTOMERS!",
60213,__label__1,"Froze after a week: For a device with practically no moving parts, there is no excuse for it to freeze after a week of ownership, and barely an hour of use. If it would work, it could be just about my ideal mp3 setup. We'll see what happens if I am able to get it replaced...",
60214,__label__2,"Great Value & Easy to Use: Hi All,This is my first MP3 player. I just wanted something to store my tunes on for a long airplane flight. This was so easy to use. I have a MAC. I was able to get this up and going in less than 15 minutes. My [...] son would be proud of me. I do not recommend this for people who like a lot of technology and bells and whisles. This is for folks like me who enjoy technology but don't want to fight with it. Go Sandisk!",
60215,__label__1,"Virus on the CD (white box version): I purchased a ""White Box"" version of the player and the driver/software CD that came with it had W32.Perlovga.A virus on it, which infected my machine. The virus is very difficult to remove. It can be identified by Norton AV, but can not be cleaned. If you do get infected, virus removal is a manual and very painful process.BEWARE!!!",
60216,__label__1,Only if you want an disposable MP3 player: I bought this for my 14yr old son. After 3 months it froze and would no longer work. SanDisk should be ashamed for producing products that are disposable after only a few months!,
60217,__label__2,"Awesome little MP3: I love this mp3 player. I bought one each for myself and my 11 year old daughter for Chrismtas this year and got them both for $[...] on sale. I am amazed at how great the sound quality is, how reliable it is, and how much music can be fit on the product. It is not necessary to have an iPod nano or another player with more memory capacity since I can easily move songs from and to the player with Windows Media. I don't regret getting this at all and am so glad I did!",
60218,__label__1,"Frozen mp3 player: the player froze up after about a week worked with tech support downloaded patch, still had to order replacement. Replacement did the same thing within a week. Went out and bought an RCA mp3 player for the same price. Really suprised an sandisk product usually are good.",
60219,__label__2,SanDisk sansa ca40 1 GP MP3 Player: Works well and is tiny in size. Purchased for a college student and they are very pleased w/it's performance. Used on cross Atlantic trip to Eurpoe. Did fine. Have added many more tunes to it as well.,
60220,__label__1,Disappointed with this purchase: I was in US for work for some time.I brought this item as a gift to my brother while coming back to my home country. this product hanged within a week from its first use and i was not able to use it again. I contacted customer care for its complaint but nothing was worked out. I am very much disappointed with this purchase and think that it was a total waste for the money I spend on this product.,
60221,__label__1,"Waste of Money: When I first bought this device it was for the FM recording capabilities. When trying to record stuff off of the radio, the instructions were pretty simple. Once finished my recording I listened to it back and the sound was VERY distorted and it skipped alot as if it was a CD player with no anti skip feature. If SanDisk is going to advertise this feature they should atleast make sure that it functions half-way decent. I was very dissapointed in this player",
60222,__label__1,"Froze up completely, after three months: Used the player for about three months. Worked good. Then one day when I turned it on, it froze up completely--pressing the controls had no effect on the display or operation of the player. I tried a new battery. No effect. The only way to turn it off now is to take out the battery. I will never buy a SanDisk product again.",
60223,__label__2,"Durability: This leash has held up like a champ with almost no wear and tear, and it looks nice. What more is there to say?",
60224,__label__1,"Not that great: I felt this book was very simplistic and not much of an advantage for getting ""Straight A's"". It was an ok review, but really no earth shattering info that would put you over the edge. Don't waste your money!",
60225,__label__1,"Avoid This Dictionary: I picked up this dictionary to travel around Latin America. If you only need the most basic vocabulary, it might do the job. But anything beyond that is asking too much. You'll soon get frustrated looking for words and expressions that simply aren't to be found, but which any basic Spanish-English dictionary should contain.The format of the book is great - slender, and with a durable cover. But the disadvantages are just too great. I'd recommend going for a slightly bulkier, but more comprehensive dictionary. You'll get much more out of it.",
60226,__label__1,"Disappointing and Limited Dictionary: If you are looking for good, reliable pocket Spanish dictionary, this is NOT it. I have found myself frustrated multiple times when looking up simple words that I have considered returning it. It has some good things to offer like nationalities and verb conjugations, but it is quite limited in its vocabulary. I would not recommend it, but rather I would recommend Berlitz pocket dictionaries to anyone wanting to learn another language.",
60227,__label__2,"Language Lover: I'm currently taking a Spanish class and have found this to be a very useful tool. All the text is black and white but it is very clearly printed and the words you're looking up are in bold print. Love the size, fits well in my purse. Also has a useful grammar section in the middle including a mini conjugation guide. Also love the material that the cover is made of and actually purchased this particluar dictionary because it had a ""turtleback"" cover instead of paperback. It's kind of like a plastic that you could easily wipe off if it gets dirty. My only complaint is that when my instructor asked me to look up a word that should have given me ""shower head"" it said watering can, but everyother time I've looked up a word it has been accurate and 90% of the time it does have the word I'm looking for (my level is intermediate-three years in highschool and this is the second semester long college course I have taken, the first was 10 years ago.)",
60228,__label__2,"Just makes me laugh: Low production values, check.Inane script, check.Over-the-top acting, check.And Canadian!Everything that should work against this film instead works for it.This movie is always good for a giggle. One of my favorites, and I'm glad I was able to buy it as soon as I wanted it - I get the feeling there will be lots of disappointed Willie fans when the available copies vanish.Go Willie Go",
60229,__label__2,McRackins Rule: The best thing about this movie is that Vancouver's Pop Punkers The McRackins are in it. Playing a few songs in a bar scene.,
60230,__label__2,"bitchin': funniest movie ever, one of the best skier comedys . for every skier and boarder a must buy",
60231,__label__1,"Worst shoes to wear!: They may look cute, but I tell you do not buy them! Only unless you wear them for less than an hour. These shoes are for really wide feet. Which mine just swam in them, and they were super uncomfortable! You must order a whole size smaller. The first time I wore them the strap ripped off. I'm stuck with shoes I can't wear. Heck I even bought Dr. Scholls insoles and they were still uncomfortable to wear. I'm disappointed that they are cute and you can't even wear them. Aren't many shoes like that. I love demonia but I don't love these shoes.",
60232,__label__2,"Good: My mom is on almost a completely vegan diet and she loves this book. She also loved the fact that is is a ""for dummies book"".",
60233,__label__2,"one of the reading suitable for long term vegeterians: Presents all the nutrition facts that you need and provide tips for being a vegeterian, allows one to explore more in being a vegeterian. This book helps me a lot in ensuring the peak condition in my health.",
60234,__label__2,"Excellent Study Guide for MCSE Certification: Need to get certified? Read this book! The book presents all the material needed to pass the TCP/IP exam! The text covers the TCP/IP protocol suite, WINS, DNS, DHCP, SNMP, MS Browsing, utilities, and name resolution. The only weak section of the text is DNS. The DNS chapter needs some revision, but if you read the RFC's and MS's white paper on DNS you'll be set for the exam! This book would also be a great reference if you are studying for the MS Networking Essentials exam.",
60235,__label__2,"Crammed Full of Valuable Info!: As with most TCP/IP books if you don't quite understand how the author is trying to convey a particuar idea (example subnet tables), then be prepaired to back this book up with some other TCP/IP study aids, such as Transcenders.This book had quite a few typos - they drove me nuts. On the upside, the typos kind of forced me to really know my stuff. Besides, New Riders has a web site you can visit to get the correct and updated answers.You will still need to search the net for additional info on how to build a subnet table by memory - not included with this TCP/IP book.",
60236,__label__1,"Crooked: These sunglasses were crooked from the beggining. I took them to a store to see if it could be fixed, but didn't change much. Big mistake to buy glasses over the internet.",
60237,__label__2,"Most Beautiful Book in My [very large] Collection: This is ""the"" book for the serious needleworker. It has the most comprehensive technique instructions of any book, ever, for gold work, painted canvas, and shading; it isn't a cutesy book of simple projects. The illustrations are excellent. The color photos are to die for: closeups of step-by-step work in progress and examples of finished work will enable you to strive for excellence in your own work. This is a teaching book with important information about threads, fabrics, frames, tools, framing up, tips ... the list goes on and on. I can't recommend this book any higher.",
60238,__label__1,"Not impressed!: This book has some lovely pictures and has instructions that are rather clear... However, I have an issue with the book! The author has spent a number of years traveling to Japan and includes MANY references to that fact. <good for her!> Included in her instructions are several hard to find and expensive items that the average individual will have no access to. The book is called INVENTIVE Needlework but I found the examples to be common embroidery techniques... EXCEPT when you can do them on extremely expensive silk fabrics from Japan. EXPENSIVE Needlework may have been a more truthful title!",
60239,__label__2,"A serious book on rarely taught ancient Needlework!: this is the first I have heard that Shay is a published author. the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars, is that I haven't seen the inside of the book. I haven't read this book, but I will buy it, even if there were no reviews. Shay has had a show on needlework arts in the tampa bay, fla Area for years. Just to watch a few minutes of her show convinces you beyond a reasonable level, that this lady KNOWS HER STUFF. I would buy this book, especially, because she does ALOT of goldwork on her show-a technique that I didnt know was taught in modern times. I think she studied at the Royal School of needart in England, so......It is an ancient, ancient kind of detailed needlework. Keep up the good work, shay!!!",
60240,__label__1,wasted money: very poor quality. obviously recorded onto dvd from a vhs. very grainey and absolutely a waste of money.Do not recommend this dvd to anyone.,
60241,__label__2,"For The Serious Minded Only: Excellent reading and challenging thoughts. Must be ready to go beyond the ""norm"" to enjoy and make application of this book. I highly recommend this...only be prepared to face yourself...and God.",
60242,__label__1,Good Text Bad Paper: The text of the book is excellent but the publisher printed it on poor quality paper that turns yellow over time. The print quality is also horrible. The book is a classic so it deserves to be printed on good quality paper.,
60243,__label__2,The Cloud of Unknowing and the Book of Privy Counseling: Received promptly in perfect condition.Excerpts from this book appear in The Magnificat publication.,
60244,__label__1,"The poem is absolutely wonderful: The poem is wonderful just as it is, and is readilyavailable on the internet. The poem is a perfect gem.The additional additional commentaries strike me as beinglike peanut butter being spread on a wonderfully cookedpiece of prime rib. Why spend the money, time, and effortto add to something thats already perfect?",
60245,__label__1,"No reason to read this book.: There is no reason to read The Cloud in translation. It is written in simple prose and in one of the easiest Middle English dialects for Modern English speakers to read. This edition of the book is an unnecessary translation into Modern English in which a great deal of the original works subtleties and nuances are lost. Because the text was written with such close attention to language it is truly inexcusable for any one to read it in translation when then original is completely accessible to the Modern English speaker. I therefore recommend the edition the TEAMS Middle English Texts Series, edited by Patrick J. Gallacher and available for roughly the same price, instead of this version.",
60246,__label__1,"You'll love Python: I debated whether I should write seven pages, footnoted, indexed, and full of examples on why you should not buy this book and choose to seek another source for learning Python. But if you're the type who would actually make it through all that to get to the main point, you might actually LIKE ""Learning Python"". I'd rather save you, the save-able, from experiencing the same pain that I am going through right now. So here is my one-word review: ""Excruciating"". I hope this has been helpful. By the way, Python is fantastic and is ironically everything that this book is not.",
60247,__label__2,"Good Beginner Language: I had no programming experience, and though I was worried at first to the many references to the C language it turned out to be an easy to follow book.",
60248,__label__1,"learning python: unlike other people who had such a wonderful experience with the book, mine was a complete disaster.The first chapter was dedicated to running the program, and modules files, in the second chapter author would give a code example and end it with comments like"" we will explain the concept in later chapters"" that turned me off cause if you going to use an example expalin it or give an example that's pertains with the chapter. furthermore, later chapters of the book, were written with sample code with no Explanation at all. what good is it going to do me? a code without Explanation.. Anyway i am looking for a more detailed book on python. If anyone can help me out please post a note. thanks",
60249,__label__1,"Learning Python?: I purchased the Mark Lutz's first book, Programming Python, and found it impossible to comprehend. So then I heard about a new book called learning Python, which was more of a tutorial-style book. I bought it immediately, eager to learn the language which I have heard so much about, and to my dissapointment, it seemed to be the same as Programming Python, only shorter. If you really want to learn a programming language, get Learning Perl by Randal Schwartz and Tom Christiansen. Good luck!",
60250,__label__2,"A decent intro for experienced programmers: When I need to learn a new programming or scripting language, my first impulse is always to check one of the O'Reilly books. Their ""Learning"" and ""Cookbook"" series have always proven to be the best route to learning a new language for me, whether it's Perl, Python, Ruby or any other language. This particular volume isn't quite as good as the Oreilly intro Perl book(s) I taught myself from, but it's a good source for someone who already has some experience in scripting using Perl or PHP. Together with thePython Cookbook, though, it's a good reference for getting up and running with real-world programming.",
60251,__label__1,"No help to me as a beginner: Though this book has often been recommended as an excellent source for beginning programmers, I didn't get much from it after the first chapter.I found the writing excessively dry, the index substandard, the and the language very very opaque. The organization is also pretty haphazard. Quite often concepts are introduced briefly and off-handedly, but then dropped as ""not quite ready"" to be discussed, with no further reference given.Most of the examples used to demonstrate basics are either trivial or very abstract. A set of well-thought-out, useful examples are missing from this book, and if they had been included, would have gone a long way towards showing a beginner how to use this language.Generally, not up to O'Reilly standards.",
60252,__label__1,Simply dreadful: Having previously read several O'reilly Perl books I thought that learning Python from this text would be straight forward. Unfortunately this book has none of the helpful examples that the Perl books have and also dissappointing was the reluctance to write the code as you might using a text editor. Instead the authors seem to prefer to write code as it would be run from the interpreter on the commandline. This made it really hard to write any Python using the text editor. All in all a complete waste of money.,
60253,__label__1,"An average book at best: This book is a terribly lazy attempt at writing a Python tutorial.Sure, you can read it from start to finish, and write yourself some working Python code. However, when you want to write something slightly different to what is covered in this book, you suddenly realise how incomplete this book is.Eg, it covers the hasattr, getattr, setattr, and delattr built in functions, which is fine if you already know what attributes an object has, but in no way can I work out with this book how, or if it is even possible, to get a list of an object's existing attributes.It is incredibly frustrating trying to learn Python from this book. I am writing this review because I came online to look for a better Python book. I was hoping to find something by the Wrox publishers, as their Beginning Java2 is excellent, but it looks like I am out of luck...",
60254,__label__2,"Great orientation.: This book is a great quick introduction to Python. And don't be fooled, this book DOES deal with some subtly advanced topics. Great job, I recommend it everywhere!",
60255,__label__2,"Interesting: A little difficult to understand from a web perspective shifting to programming, but not too bad. However, I have to wonder why O'Reilly chose a rat as opposing to a python? I thought the snake would make more sense. Oh, well, back to the book. This would probably be more useful to someone who has more programming experience and not just some scripting and HTML which is what I had when I started the book.",
60256,__label__1,Horrible documentary!: I guess you'd have to be on drugs to get this. Collectors will need it for the collection but this documentary was absurd. A big waste of time. I found myself wanted to fast forward often. I expected more from Nikolas Schrek.,
60257,__label__2,"Best film done about Manson: Absolutely fabulous.Unlike all other films done on the case, this one contains adequate original footage and interview material (of a much more subdued and open Manson, as he is not being egged on by the likes of Geraldo Rivera or Tom Snyder!) as well as a lot of original research into Manson's childhood and youth.",
60258,__label__1,"Evil director with an evil subject= trash!: What a piece of garbage! As a fan of true crime, I was hoping for something interesting. I was wrong. All I got out of this is the director being a fan of Charles Manson, a supporter of the church of satan, and garbage making Manson look like some sort of folk hero. And the backgroud sounds of people chanting ""praise satan"" was twisted and went on a little too long in my opinion. Subliminal?? Charles Manson is a scum who, along with his killer family, belongs in jail the rest of their lives! Charles babbles on and on and on and on and never makes a bit of sense. This is nothing more than trash!",
60259,__label__1,"You must be desperate...: This is one of the the worst documentaries I've seen, regardless of subject. Manson is an extremely romantic character and a pop culture icon and while that explains the interest it does not explain this film. The quality is incredibly poor, that audio is sometimes incoherrent and the interviews are cut poorly with no editing to speak of. If you are incredibly curious and fanatical you will pursue regardless of any review, but if you want a good documentary, try elsewhere.",
60260,__label__2,"High on ""HIGH"": If you are as big a fan of the Blue Nile as I am, you are going to love this CD! The haunting melodies and impassioned voice of Paul Buchanan, evoke a deeper understanding of your own emotions and connect you with its universal theme. ""Stay Close"" will break your heart and put it back together for you, closer than you were before! ""Because of Toledo,"" also asks you to be there, with him as he tries to come to grips with his additions - drugs & her! A Blue Nile album is to be listened to in its entirety, not picked over; the whole is better than its parts.",
60261,__label__2,dont hesitate: understated avantgard. enoesque inspiration. john cale's type of voice and inspiration with a touch of scott walker flight...,
60262,__label__1,"Buchanan, you should wait for others eight years: Buchanan should wait for others eight years rather than producing a similar flat bucket of songs. I was a fan of his first album and I recentely bought it again on LP format too. The second, HAT, is another great record and on the third album PEACE AT LAST there are three songs among the best ever, Happiness, Family Life and Soon. But this work is not a heir of the previous three ones, because it doesn't have any that takes your breath away, nothing to amaze you. I'm very very sorry.",
60263,__label__2,"One of the best CDs I own: It is an excellent CD and if it weren't for itunes and the like, I'd give this CD 5 stars as a ""Must Have"". However, in retrospect I'd now get online and download my most favorite songs on this CD: High, Broken Loves, and She Saw the World. Then I'd go and get Downtown Lights, Headlights on the Parade from the CD Hats...and my world would be right.",
60264,__label__2,"I`ll give it a ""B"".: I gave it ""B"" because of the slowness of plot & character development in the first half of the book. Second half was much more enjoyable.",
60265,__label__2,"A real eye-opener!: Too bad, but ""History: Fiction or Science?"" cannot be dismissingly classified neither as special ""forgery"" for American public nor as conspiracy thriller. It looks and smells as academic research dedicated to facts of long term distortion of history and manipulation of chronology. Fomenko's is a tall order; small wonder he's shot at. A real eye-opener!",
60266,__label__1,Perfect example of fallacious assertions: I chose the YouTube video about this book to show my college class on Ancient Humanities. The assignment was to write down the statements made in the video that do not stand up to scientific scrutiny. This book and its video are a perfect goldmine of alluringly presented but totally fallacious assertions.,
60267,__label__1,"A total sham, consiracy theory wannabe.: This guy claims basically all of recorded history is manufactured as a devious plan to misinform. Sorry bud, I just can't accept your conclusions, there are millions if not billions of historical artifacts which together form a cohesive historical record. There is no science or methodology to his writings, just casual observation of similarities and a great over emphisis on what is really innocent human error.To buy into his theory you would have to accept that practacly every historical artifact, whether great or minute were fabricated with the intent of confusing mankind as part of a great mind control conspiracy. This guy is absolutly nuts and it escapes me how he can be taken seriously by anyone.The only point I can agree with him on is that we must be vigilent in our skeptisism, and I am more skeptical of this book than I am all of mankind's recorded history.",
60268,__label__2,"Cool Historian: Dear Diamond Robert of Princeton,Don`t be rude, just add more venom in your argument. Otherwise no Princeton lecturer of history will give you extra credits for attacking Fomenko the Heretic. For Christ`s sake don`t touch C14, it is both radioactive and contradictory, there too many of +/-1000 anno dating errors. Tell all your friends and relations NEVER talk, read or even think about FOMENKO, it is a real thought crime.",
60269,__label__1,"typical pseudoscience: Some people are able to believe in everything what seems to be logic and supported by some equations and statistics.It is really funny that even the wildest theory will always find its followers.Russian science has problem with pseudoscientists. For instance: Lysenko, Michurin in the agrobiology and now Famenko in history.Maybe in the next volumes of his revised version of history he will try to convince us that:- Jews are the descendants of merchants who did not pay taxes regullary and were expelled from the Novogrod.- Ethiopians are the descendants of the miners (that's why they are black) who escaped from the coal mines, which were placed in Ural. But one of them remained in Russia and later he became the gradfather of Alexander Pushkin.- Asians are the descendants of peepers or spies (that's why they have eyes with an epicanthic fold) who were unmasked and left Russia.Because everything can be proved with statistics.",
60270,__label__1,"Pseudo-science wrapped in Christianity: The author is respected in the field of mathematics, and that is well and good, but his objectivity (and argument) is tainted in his bid to conform history into his narrow Christian viewpoint.Fomenko doesn't stop to consider that Christian mythos borrows heavily from other religions and events... rather, he wants us to believe that all of these events and writings are based on the life of Jesus Christ! (And he, in these works, is not from ancient Palestine, but Russia!)This book is an interesting Christian curio, with tainted science aspects. Historians, Egyptologists and serious scholars would do well to spend their book budgets elsewhere.",
60271,__label__2,"I really don't know whether I must laugh or cry.: According to this chronology (which we can name ""Ultra High Revised Chronology""), Jesus died in 1086 AD. More or less, in this time, the Cid was fighting against the Moors in medieval Spain.Taking this theory to extreme, then Jesus/Joshua would be Rodrigo Díaz alias ""the Cid, the Champion Knight"" (el Cid Campeador in Spanish), who took Valencia (i.e. Jericho), because he was exiled from the kingdom of Castilla (i. e. Egypt) by King Alphonse VI (i.e. the Pharaoh of Exodus)!!!. We don't have to forget that, according with Spanish medieval legends, the Cid rode after his own death and won a battle (resurrection???).Ergo Jesus/Joshua was the Cid.On chronology, I am arranged to think anything.",
60272,__label__1,"Reads like a doctoral thesis: I really tried to read it. I wanted to read it. The topic interests me. But I just wasn't prepared to read a 624 page doctoral thesis, which is what it reads like. Too many charts, references, etc. And yes, I am intelligent enough to bore my way through that stuff, but I had planned to read this for enjoyment. Not gonna happen.",
60273,__label__1,"A very strange book...: I should admit that maybe I did not read this specific book by Fomenko, but I tried to read one of his books in the original Russian. I quit after reading a third of it: besides being a bogus hypothesis, the book lists some interpretations of Hebrew words to support the theory, and, being familiar with Hebrew, I would state that these interpretations are very dubious, if not outrightly ignorant, thus casting the shade of incompetence upon the entire 'opus'. The theory also smells strongly by the Soviet-style nationalistic racism that would not accept other (inferior) nations achievements, history or even existance. A queer book indeed...",
60274,__label__2,"Radiocarbon dating has precision of +/-1800 years at best: There are a host of problems with radiocarbon dating. It assumes the isotope always decayed at the same rate. You simply cannot make those assumptions and call yourself a scientist. In many instances, items with known dates were given to several labs to be tested and the dates came back way off. So far off, in fact, to make radiodating a joke. It also does not take into consideration a different prehistoric atmosphere which would inhibit the sun's radiation from hitting the earth, thereby making radiocarbondating extremely tentative.It relies on too many assumptions to make it scientifically accurate.",
60275,__label__1,"absolute garbage: this book is absolute garbage. the author has no concept of history and completely disregards the archaeological and historical record. If you you want to know more about ancient history, go to the experts. heck, even Livy is better than this guy!",
60276,__label__1,"NONSENSE: WE ALL KNOW THAT STATISTICS IS A METHOD OF INTERPRETATION.THERE ARE DOZENS OF BOOKS NAMED ""LYING WITH STATISTICS""",
60277,__label__2,wonderful movie: i watched this movie as a boy and enjoyed it. it was fun and wonderful to watch. the caterpillars in the movie are exciting but when the two rodans are unleashed the fun begins. effective special effects and a real sympathetic and environmental end. a must see.,
60278,__label__2,"themeatnpotatoesofitall: Would have given it 5 Stars, then again,.. no widesreen?!!Rodan's wings are to massive for fullscreen,..the larvae are cool and make it a two in one monstermovie..( I like it, when they do that)cool stoy line..cool budget restraint effects B+type(very clever) Classic Giant monster movie must have till a better version appears(widescreen)I love this movie Bought it and collected",
60279,__label__2,"Great oldy: In enjoyed Rodan as a kid, and it was fun seeing this oldy again with my kids. They're used to the new high-tech sci-fi movies instead of the claymation and man-suits used in the50's, but they still enjoyed it. Beyond the hokey tech, it's a good scary story. One of the best original scaries along with Frankenstein, Dracula, etcc.",
60280,__label__2,"Rodan (1956)-Winged Gold!: I first saw Rodan (in 1956) as a kid (all by myself) when it was released at the old LUXOR theater in the Bronx. Somehow, I haven't seen it or even thought about it since that time. I first saw this film when I was ten years old and it contained many elements of vintage 50's monster movies which kept me riveted to my seat as a youngster. I was also accustomed to American sci-fi movies featuring one creature whose appearance was slowly revealed to the auidience. This film was a nice change. It included a nice variety of mine monsters, just a touch of UFO thinking, and ultimately Rodan and neat flying monster effects for the times. Personally, for an early Japanese film I enjoyed this particular movie even more than Godzilla.",
60281,__label__2,"Classic Kaiju: Now, This flm, Rodan was the first movie to consist of the famous Rodan monster. and was also the first Toho Kaiju (Giant Monster) film to feature Color Video.Rodan all begins when several miners are found dead, and then suddenly GIANT FREAKY monsters appear in the town, this all leads up to the hatching of Rodan, the giant prehistoric flying dinosaur, that is so big, when it flaps its wings it is propeled forward so fast it creates a sonic boom.The film itself features a lot of human dialog, and there are not many Monster VS Monster battles, but we do get to see some interesting destruction scenes.Without spoling anyone I would say that the ending was sort of cheap.Overall would I sugguest Rodan to people? Yes, but not as much casual fans as fans deeper into the Giant Monster stuff. But if you like classics, and think you would like like a Giant Prehistoric bird flying around killing planes and sonic booming cities, then you probably will like this film",
60282,__label__2,"Sora no daikaij Radon: I originally saw this movie at an all night Japanese monster movie feast at a local drive-in. Ecology at it's finest. Rodan has a pterodactyl feel. You can not worm your way out of this one. I do not like to compare this to movies like ""Mothra"" (1962), however the formula is similar. However there has always been a fond place in my heart for this movie. It is strange that it is one of the last to be put on the market.The color is spectacular. And the appearance of the big bugs in the beginning set the action for the surprise that is to come later.Unlike the USA `bug"" movies, you can feel sorry for the creature. Since Tokyo is already destroyed, how about making it a game preserve?",
60283,__label__1,"Entertaining movie, bad DVD: Rodan remains one of the most entertaining of all Japanese monster movies, with nice color photography and more consistent special effects than the original Godzilla. This DVD, though, is a disappointment. The print that was used is by no means the cleanest you'll ever find--lots of scratches and dirt on the image--and there really aren't any extras. No effort appears to have been made to find better source material, and that makes for a less-than-stellar DVD experience. They could have done much better.",
60284,__label__2,"Excellent presentation of a minor classic: It's not Godzilla, but it's not bad, either. The DVD features a decent transfer and good sound. It's a minor classic, if your taste runs towards giant monster movies, and my taste sure does. I'm delighted to have a ""real"" copy of another one of my favorite old giant monster movies after putting up with a crappy VHS copy for years. Entertainment like this brings me real joy and having a clean copy is a delight.You've gotta love the ending of the movie and the hero's voice over asking himself if he could ever die as well as the monsters die in the movie -- SUCH a Japanese sentiment, I just love Japanese movies, the hack translations offered such tantalizing clues into the culture of Japan. Fascinating stuff on several levels at once. Nothing like it.",
60285,__label__2,"Tragic Pterodactyls: Toho, the force behind the Godzilla movies, created another monster mainstay with this one. This time, a small mining community is visited by giant worm bugs. First they cause disappearances in the mine but eventually move out to the surface. But they are the tip of the iceberg for the mine has connected to an ancient cavern containing a gigantic egg.Once the egg hatches, Rodan is born. It eats the bug worms and flies around. For the most part it is an indifferent creature no doing any purposeful harm but its wake causes severe damage. Then there are two of them and the government decides that the creatures must be stopped as their simple existence can cause countless damage.The final moments of this film are sad and tragic. Rodan and spouse are not rampaging monsters, just misplaced. One does not feel any victory at their defeat, only sadness. This was a wonderful film from Toho that took the giant monster (kaiju) film in a new direction. Definitely wo",th watc
60286,__label__2,"A Classic Creature Feature: I aways loved rodan. I liked Godzilla the original, but this movie has better effects, such as the scenes when the guys are going after Rodan in the jets. It does not look like minatures. The Rubber suit in this movie, looks pretty good and does not look fake. This was the first japanese monster movie in color. It was also one of the monster movies of all time to be in full color. The effects surpass Godzilla in a way. The film had a better story than Godzilla. I also reccomend Godzilla to be bought. Get this film the last time i tried to get it, it was last year, it was out of print and now it is back on DVD",
60287,__label__1,"Glossy, but some interesting details: Unlike the recent book by Tina Sinatra (which I give five-stars) this book softsells any of FAS's well known liabilities. Nonetheless, it does contain some interesting details about his life. My one complaint is that Nancy Sinatra's other book ""Frank Sinatra, American Legend"" seems to be indistiguishable from this one, and indeed contains 80% of the same material yet was not published as a revision. This, earlier version is better in my mind because of her notes about each of his movies and albums at the end of the book. That material is missing in the American Legend version. Given her softsell, I do have to wonder what Nancy has to say about her sisters more forthright approach to their father's story.",
60288,__label__1,ZenWorks Admin Handbook...: This book would be great for someone who knows nothing about ZenWorks and want to know what it can do... but if you know what it can do ... don't buy this thinking it is an Administrator book. Gave no detail on setup or configuration of any parts of the ZenWorks suite.I was very... very... disappointed in this book... and I have doubts that I will buy the new one for Zen3 coming out in January....,
60289,__label__1,"purchased from Amazon, old spoiled bottle: Received from Amazon Old faded package dark spoiled perfume bad smell as spoiled expiredAmazon promptly issued refund",
60290,__label__2,"dependable: I have come to count on Dickies for work pants,that are comfortable,but more importantly,dependable. I have worn other pantsand either the belt loops break or they wear out quickly. I also have found that I can depend upon Amazon for great prices,products, and service.Donald",
60291,__label__1,"Built well ... But Not RELAX FIT: The title says relaxed fit carpenter jeans....well they are not a relax fit. The waist is the right size, but there is almost no room in the leg and crotch area!!! I purchased 2 pair because they were a good price but even at under $20 a pair what good is it if they are so uncomfortable. Also make sure you wash them twice before you wear. Even using fabric softener they are very harsh.",
60292,__label__1,"poor fit: poor fit, non functional pockets, look like 5 dollar thrift store jeans. Wranglers are much much better for the same price.",
60293,__label__2,they exactly they are: They are what they are. Great work pants. Just wash them a few times to soften them up. And they will be comfortable.,
60294,__label__2,Back to Basic Dickeys: I bought these for my husband and he loves them!!! It is hard to find basic REAL carpenter jeans these days. These are really nice and the cost is more in line with work jeans rather than the 'fashion' version of carpenter pants.,
60295,__label__1,"NOT MY DICKIES!!!!: I have been wearing dickies carpenter jeans for years and found them to be of good quality at a reasonable price, looks like they are trying to make more money because the fabric is NOT 100% cotton denim as they claim. They seem to be some sort of plastic fabric or such, the color is a lot darker then the jeans named this color before. The material is very course and rough to the feel. I am sorry to say I won't be buying this brand again!",
60296,__label__2,sturdy jeans: I've been wearing these jeans for a month and have no complains. Their are well made. If you're looking for a soft kind of jeans than these are not for you.,
60297,__label__1,"Feel like canvas!: These have got to be the most uncomfortable pair of jeans I've ever owned. The material feels like canvas - I'm used to Levis, I figured I'd try these because they were a lot cheaper..... They fail.",
60298,__label__2,"Very Happy: I didn't notice they were relaxed fit, but that was my mistake. Product was okay. I need to pay more attention on next order.",
60299,__label__1,Not as website picture.: Jeans not color shown on website picture (indigo blue) and way baggy for normal size I wear. Live and learn.,
60300,__label__1,very disappointed: The pants I received look nothing like the picture. I was looking for a nice pair of jeans for my husband and picture was just what I wanted. When they arrived I was very disappointed. The stitching is white which maks the pants look really cheap. Most of the reviews indicate they are nice work pants and they might be but they're not what I expected. I am definitely returning :o(,
60301,__label__1,"An unexpected surprise: After reading the reviews of this product, I was expecting to get at least an okay pair of jeans at a cheaper-than-my-usual cost. Needless to say, I was very disappointed when these arrived. The material was thinner than I expected it to be, the belt loops were wide enough to fit the width of two belts through and the color of the jeans were a lot bluer than the advertised picture (a very dark blue instead of a more faded, stone-washed blue).I have no problems with the sale. It arrived on time, etc., etc. But I don't think I will ever buy a cheaer-than-average pair of jeans ever again. Have since gone to the lee's jeans website and ordered directly through them.",
60302,__label__2,"Great pants: These jeans are triple sown and are made of heavy denim. They fit well and are, for now, my favorite pair of jeans.",
60303,__label__2,"Great work pants: They are a little stiff at first but after a few washes, it's perfect. Very durable, and looks good too.",
60304,__label__1,sux: These looked SUPER cool in the picture.......but in real life these were way too BLUE for us.......him......and they were HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!! .....ran bigger than the size we normally order for my husband. ALSO....as far as returning them.....WHAT A PAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Boooooooo on all levels.......,
60305,__label__1,Too wrinkly after washing..: Every time I wash the pants.. They are so wrinkled... I highly doubt I will be buying these again.. Not a good buy..,
60306,__label__2,"a thought-provoking collection of short stories: i read LIFE AFTER GOD when it was first published and was simply floored. here was an author whose voice spoke to me and my generation. coupland's simple yet poignant prose captured the feelings of ambiguity and confusion that many of us were feeling. the stories in this collection may seem simpleton on the exterior, but they are much more than what meets the eye. think the greatness of ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT by erich remarque. its complexity lays in its very simplicity.i was still in college when i first picked up the book. i recently picked it up again. the effects were still the same. what's remarkable about LIFE AFTER GOD is the sheer optimism one feels after finishing it. coupland doesn't claim to know all the answers or to grant inner peace, but what he does do is allow the reader to intensely reflect on his/her own beliefs.",
60307,__label__2,"Poignant Vignettes on life: This is a good book, effective but not great. The series of stories as told by the disenfranchised narrator is filled with keen observations and poignant vigneetes, together forming a good carricature of the suburban lifestyle during these safe, post Cold War years where spirituality dwindles. I found the apocalyptic seres of vignette the most effective, as well as the relationship to the sister. The ending is a bit of a let down, as Coupland didn't really have a run up to the conclusion, it just appeared as a stretch.",
60308,__label__1,"Life After the Weak-minded.: Anthropocentric fairytales and simple moral fables.He writes well however. He'd produce very good sci-fi if he got over his,""Oh there must be some deeper meaning to human existance""Actually no there isn't, get over yourself and your inflated species ego Coupland.",
60309,__label__2,"""LAG"" continues in the same brilliance as ""Generation X"": What remains to be so fascinating about ""Life After God"" is the memory it leaves behind in the reader on completion. His tendancy to delve into such insightful, thought-provoking aspects of our existence with such freshness and accuracy remains to be both eye-opening and astounding. His excellent understanding of human nature in this novel will remain to be seen and respected in many years to come. A brilliant novel.",
60310,__label__1,"This is not Coupland at his best: As a Coupland Frequent Flyer, I almost lost perspective while I was reading this book. I had enjoyed (does anyone remember what it is like?) ""Generation X"", ""Shampoo Planet"" and ""Microserfs"" so much, that I bought ""Life After God"" without much thought. In the end, I was standing in a crossroad: Should my zest for Coupland's style rule over the randomness I had found in most of the stories (in typical brain-heart conflict)? Or should I accept that this was for Coupland what ""Almost Blue"" was for Elvis Costello? Although I don't regret buying and reading this one, I still think it pales in comparison even to cronicles like the ones he usually does for Wallpaper Magazine, so my advice is this: Buy and read this book only if you have done so with ano-ther from the ones I mention above. If you like them, welcome aboard.",
60311,__label__1,"Enough is Enough: There were some slightly profound, thought provoking passages in this book. Being in my late 20's, naturally I could relate. But after a while, I began to wonder why it was the Mr. Coupland felt that we needed to be included in ALL of his deepest thoughts and lonely banter. I too would love for the world to read MY existential life thoughts, family secrets, and childhood memories, but does anyone really care? After awhile, I just didn't care anymore. It would have helped if this ""stories"" were collected in a more organized semblance, it seemed a bit sloppy.",
60312,__label__2,"Typical Coupland: Life after God is a collection of short stories told in the famliar Coupland manner. As I've felt with his previous work, his work is more about expressing the feelings of the collective unconscious of his generation than actually telling a story, at least as he sees it. That's why he is probably better suited to short fiction than novels. Not for everyone, but that's Coupland for you.",
60313,__label__1,"good prose no plot: Life After God is well written, there is no argument there (despite a few consistency errors). The problem is this nice read goes nowhere, it just delivers lots of little stories with nothing to tie them together into a cohesive whole. Coupland is good with his prose and is very easy to read, but I want more than that. And really, a plot is not too much to ask for is it?",
60314,__label__1,"Staggeringly bad: Apparently ""God"" was crucially involved in stuff like prose style, characterization, and plot development. Coupland -- owing to . . . lack of talent? unfamiliarity with the literary canon? -- runs afoul of that fallacy whereby the affectless stupor of the things one represents dictates an affectless, stupor-enducing manner of representation. Mind-boggling tedium, in the service a *very* juvenile worldview.",
60315,__label__2,"beautiful: A huge fan of his work. Beautiful, mysterious, haunting, and yet so normal and mundane. Such a wise understanding of people",
60316,__label__2,One of the most insightful books of our decade.: Coupland really touches a nerve in this book by documenting how our generation sublimates the irrepressible religious impulse in humankind. The stories are heartbreaking and beautiful. I found that my personal narrative was being told in these pages.,
60317,__label__2,"A lasting experience: I carried this book in my rucksack for half a year, re-reading bits of it whenever I had some free time. Somehow, the characters and stories kept having something to say...",
60318,__label__2,"Proven Wrong Once Again: I am a person of strong moral upbringing, and upon stumbling across this book, my first intention was that it would be just another book to unteach religion. But I soon discovered that this ""life"" that is being discussed is precisely how the world exists.Coupland hasn't merely written blatent observations about spirituality, or even about morals or living, but about rather philosophical views of life.If one was to take the time to read and ponder the views of the author, he/she might be able to connect with that inner belief. What Coupland is trying to portray is not so much that there is a God, but that we need a God.",
60319,__label__2,"I never want Coupland's books to end so it only gets a 9.: A small book full of stories: some related, some not. Ifelt I was eavesdropping on most of the characters butCoupland writes with such pull that I couldn't put it down.It is a quick read full of real-people-feelings andstream of consciousness. I'm heading off to the library nowto find other works by him.",
60320,__label__2,"A beautiful mix of guitar and vocals, with a few surprises: You probably think, ""Aargh, another Christmas album!"" Surprisingly, this is a great one. LC is at his best on ""Little Drummer Boy"" and ""The Christmas Song"". Every time I play this at Christmas, everyone wants to know ""who is that, anyway?"" There are 2 nice surprises on the album - a great pop tune called ""Ringing the Bells of Christmas"" sung by Michele Pillar and ""The Christmas Song (vocal) also by Pillar. Her voice is gorgeous - rich, deep, clear highs. Reminiscent of Karen Carpenter, but much more sultry and mature. Carlton has all the usual suspects on the album as well, including Kirk Whalum, Terry Trotter, Abe Laboriel. A real family album. A real nice one, too! Merry Christmas!",
60321,__label__2,"Accurate, reliable & loud, and an excellent value!: I've owned the Sabine zipbeat for almost two years. Use the heck out of it and the battery lasts a long time. Beats are steady, loud and accurate. I bought fancier (more $) metronomes, but I always go back to this one. So, I got rid of the others- this one can't be topped.",
60322,__label__1,"perfectly adequate....until it packs up.: 6 months after i purchased this metronome, it started to malfunction quite seriously. the clicking became very erratic and unsteady, until the actual speed of the clicking differed drastically from the numerical values stated on the dial. try practising to this and you'll realise how disastrous this is!recommended ONLY if you are lucky enough not to have it give up on you.",
60323,__label__2,"Good product.: It's a very good product with this price, loud enough, easy to use and convenient to put in the pocket.",
60324,__label__1,"Cannot read the dial...: This metronome keeps great time, but you cannot read the dial very well. The top 2 buttons have a tendency to fall off a lot.",
60325,__label__2,"good enough to serve my purpose: I purchased this metronome for my six year old son as advised by his piano teacher. Have used it for a few weeks. I am not an expert, but think this product is as expected.",
60326,__label__2,"Good product, easy to use, wish it had a volume control: As an older guitarist (48) who has been playing 30+ years, its great to see so many metronome choices. What I really like about this unit is that you have the large dial and its easy to set tempos rather than scrolling through a menu on a LCD screen.Two ways in which this unit could be improved - volume control as other reviewers have mentioned, and I'd like to see more of these units with belt clips, so you could clip them to your belt, plug in the earphone and walk around and practice without being tied in one room or place - or have your electric guitar overwhelmed by the ticking if you are practicing unplugged.",
60327,__label__2,loud and reliable: a very LOUD metronome and has been reliable so far for me for about a year. Better than the metronome I had before.,
60328,__label__1,"Don't Buy the Grapevine DVD: The five-star review here must be for the Warner Brothers Archive Collection DVD of ""The Prisoner of Zenda."" If it were for the Grapevine Video release, I'm sure it would have mentioned the abysmal quality of the DVD. Grapevine's transfer to DVD was made from an extremely bad print of the film, with absolutely no attempt at restoration. Many of the title cards are so dark as to be unreadable; surely it would have been a simple matter to create new title cards for this release--unless the Grapevine people couldn't read them either. The contrast in one section of the film is so high that characters and objects are reduced to featureless blobs on the screen.I agree completely with the other reviewer's comments on the acting and the cinematic qualities of the 1922 film. I'll be returning the Grapvine DVD, and I'm willing to try the Warner Brothers release, but in the meantime I'll stick with the 1937 Ronald Coleman version.",
60329,__label__2,"Happiness Is Seeing This Back In Print.: This was my favorite book when I was little my Mom would read it to me all the time and when I learned how to read I read it all the time, the cute book just gave you a happy warm feeling! I wish I still owned the book but unfortunately it was given away but I would love to find this book again not only for me for sentimental reasons but also for my niece! Please reprint this book!",
60330,__label__1,"Mean-spirited biography: This mean-spirited biography does nothing to help a reader gain insight into this remarkable English poet. The author leaves great gaps in her examination of Byron's life and what she does relate (i.e., about his illfated marriage) is biased and gives absolutely no sense of the personalities involved or a sense of regency England. Her reaction to Byron is hostile throughout (without being at the same time incisive), making me wonder why she decided to write about him in the first place. Give this one a pass and look for Leslie Marchand's biography which ranks among the finest or read Byron's complete correspondence which gives one a direct view into his personality.",
60331,__label__1,"Byron: The Flawed Book: This was one of the first books in a good while that I almost didn't finish. It is, without a doubt, one of the worst books I have read in a long time. The style of the writing is cramped, and hard to comprehend at times. I also found it hard to keep track of most of the people in the book. I do have some pity for her, it must be hard to write a biography of such a mean spirited man.",
60332,__label__2,"Fashion Lovers MUST READ: For anyone interested in fashion (the real essence of fashion) you need to get this book. Being that I am a designer, I am using this book to fully understand the superficial meaning of clothing and fashion. I feel it is very good for people to understand not only what (art of fashion is) but also to understand how others perceive this (art)...This book does this very well. If you don't LOVE fashion and everything about it (ever the psychology of fashion) ...I don't recommend this book.Barthes is the first (ever published) to really look at fashion with a semiotic approach.",
60333,__label__1,"Harney the psychopath: IN ADDITION TO MURDERING THE HOUSEHOLD SLAVE HANNA BY BEATING HER TO DEATH APPARENTLY BECAUSE SHE SERVED HIM COLD COFFEE HE HANGED THE BRAVE SOLDIERS OF THE LOS PATRICIOS WHO WERE PRISONERS OF WAR UNDER VICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES. HE MADE THEM STAND ON WAGONS WITH NOOSES AROUND THEIR NECKS WHILE THE BATTLE OF CHAPULTEPEC RAGED.DESPITE PLEAS FOR MERCY FROM BYSTANDERS AND CLERGY HE WAITED ALMOST TWO HOURS UNTIL THE US FLAG WAS RAISED BEFORE ORDERING THE HORSES TO BE WHIPPED. ONE OF THE EXECUTED MEN WAS A DOUBLE AMPUTEE DRAGGED FROM HIS HOSPITAL BED; 'BRING THE SON-OF-A-BITCH OUT' SAID HARNEY, SHORTLY TO BE PROMOTED BRIGADIER-GENERAL. WHEN ASKED TO CUT THE BODIES DOWN HE RESPONDED 'I HAD ORDERS TO HANG THEM BUT NO ORDERS TO UNHANG THEM'. APPARENTLY HIS CONDUCT DREW NO CRITICISM FROM THE US ARMY WHICH,TO THIS DAY,HAS NEVER FACED UP TO THIS STAIN ON IT'S HONOR.",
60334,__label__2,Powerful and Profound: This ought to be required reading for every politician in Washington. It explores the culture of Columbia and lays bare why we are fools to try to intervene in something we hardly understand.,
60335,__label__1,not useful if you want to build db-applications: Jepson understands the topics of JDBC very well. It might be interesting for the one or the other to see how you can develop your own JDBC-driver as well as a little database. If you are looking for a tutorial how to build database-applications this book is the wrong choice.,
60336,__label__1,"Can be interesting, but don't believe the title: This book is subtitled ""Master Next Generation Web Database Techniques"", so you might be forgiven for thinking that it has something to do with the web, or HTML, or distributed computing. No such luck.What you really get is mostly a collection of annotated source code listings for a simple SQL interpreter and database using plain text files, padded out with one or two chapters of introduction to SQL and JDBC. If you are interested in how an SQL database might be written, or you want to provide an SQL/JDBC interface to some plain text files then it could still be a ueful book, but I can't give a good review to any book which so wildly misrepresents itself.",
60337,__label__1,"Incoherent book: One of the worst books I have ever tried to read. The organization of the book is incoherent. It seems to have been dashed off with minimal time and effort. Pages and pages of code listings that aren't helpful. It is never clear how the sample code relates to anything.It appears to have been a project for an independent studies class, and fiddled with to turn it into a book. Good luck trying to get the sample code to compile.Stupid quotations throughout that have nothing to do with anything, except to convey the author seems to consider himself 'with-it'. ??? This is how the book opens ... take a hint ...""However Big You Think You Are"" ""He's the all-American bullet-headed Saxon mother's son"" (Lennon/McCartney""Don't waste your time or money.",
60338,__label__1,"Why I have to know about your taste?: When I read technics books, I wait read technics books. Why I have to know if you like The Who or The Beatles? (page X, ...every chapter). Difficult language, difficult read, ""personnal affaires""(absinthe), and I losed a lot of time. Less personality and more congruence.",
60339,__label__2,"92 Nissan 240SX: Works fine for the JVC I installed in my Nissan. One word of note: the ground wire in this adapater did not have a corresponding ground wire in the car's harness. You'll need to run a separate wire to the chassis for the 92. Other Nissans may have the ground in the harness--not sure, but check first.",
60340,__label__2,"Crimso on the Radio: At last, a good-quality live recording of the 1971-72 band! This show was taped by a Denver USA radio station before a small studio audience. A nice surprise and highlight is the very cool and lengthy cover of Pharoah Sanders' ""The Creator Has A Master Plan"", that previews some guitar phrases that would later turn up on Larks Tongues. Since this was so early in the '72 US tour, the performances do perhaps sound more cautious and polite than they would later get, but having sound quality that actually invites repeated listening more than makes up for this. Highly recommended for Crimso fans and newbies alike; even more so than Islands.",
60341,__label__2,"A Missed Opportunity: This album is the closest thing in music to a ""cult movie."" It is known by very few, but highly prized by her fans. Since no CD was ever made available, old and scratched LP's were sold and traded and bootleg CD's (made the the scratchy vinyl with all the pops, hiss and hum) were copied for friends.But her fan base is so small and select, even illegal mp3's were rarely found on the web.It is a shame that this reissue didn't include any supplimental material or bonus tracks. If anyone actually remembers the hit ""Pilot of the Airways"" they will be disappointed because the album version is very different from the single that played on the radio. The should have at least added the single version.I wish real audiophile label had released the reissue. Compared to the wonderful reissues of artists like Chad & JeremyOf Cabbages & Kings, Harper's BizarreAnything Goesor The Free DesignYou Could Be Born Again, this is a disappointment.",
60342,__label__1,".....and where is the rest of the story?: This book is interesting from a philosophical vantage point. However, it is alarming and disturbing. No parent of an adolescent can hope to glean any meaningful direction from this book. Ms. Digges philosophically 'interprets' her son's antisocial acting out, excuses (yes I mean excuses) his violence, gun-toting gang persona and never deals with consequences in any rational way. If he did turn out as well as she says (which I doubt) it is not because of her non-intervention or 'fairness'. I hope no innocents were killed along the way. This book is fantasy and chance, as unworldly as a Las Vegas show.",
60343,__label__2,"A healing book for these troubled times: I just finished reading ""The Stardust Lounge"" for the second time. At first read, it is a riveting, albeit, troubling journey of a devoted mother and her out-of-control son. The book is unsettling in it's raw, unabashed exposure of the power of the dark tunnel through which many adolescents pass - both male and female. As a counselor who has worked with adolescents for many years, I know, first hand, that the author's experiences are much more prevalent than most parents, and society in general, would like to admit.The ultimate power of this book, written in a seductively honest, often poetic style, is the message of the true nature of healing. Anyone who has been through troubled times - and who hasn't? - will find their answer in this book.",
60344,__label__2,"So entertaining he doesn't know he's learning: We checked this book out at the library and my 3-1/2 year old loves this book almost as much as I do. It is a wonderful text that teaches how the sun moves across the sky, how shadows change, and how the earth orbits the sun. Well written with cute little conversation bits for fun. This is a bit longer than most of our bedtime stories but holds his interest and peaks his curiosity. The back of the book has instructions for making a sundial as well as other hands-on learning ideas.This book would be great for a classroom as well.",
60345,__label__2,Dune!: Klaus took upon himself to try and create an album to represent the Sci Fi book Dune and the first track comes across as eerie sci fi alien music. Classic and abstract. The second side has British sixties legend Crazy Arthur Brown rambling along improvising words to the music- pretty good though distracting. Arthurs involment with Klaus would continue and show up on the album LIVE and on side projects like Time Actor and Brown's electronic outings. This is a good album and makes a real connection with the past both synth music and sixties.,
60346,__label__2,"Light but active: The 1970's touch is still present, the last track with the poem recited by Arthur Brown and Klaus trademark sequencers save the cd from destruction. This is like wine it needs a lot of tasting or in this case-listening to finally get into your system.",
60347,__label__2,"Episodes according to Disney: I was searching for the content as I don't want to buy duplicates. The closest I could find to an episode summary was on Disney's site.Here's what it has to say: --Next Stop. EUROPE! Pack your bags for laughter and adventure when you Go To Europe with the little Einsteins! Trek through Italy - the birthplace of string instruments - and discover what a cello has in common with a giraffe, a wooden bridge and a bowl of spaghetti! Sing a silly song to make the Mona Lisa smile while visiting the Louvre in Paris, France, and help the team outsmart a tricky dragon in Spain with music-powered magic. Discover excitement around every corner on this remarkable European adventure bursting with fun and surprises!--",
60348,__label__1,"Eyelets break easily: My boys really liked the boots, they seem comfortable & sturdy. Problem is that the eyelets that hold the shoelaces in place break easily. On one of the pair, the eyelet broke the 1st time he wore it. On the other, it lasted maybe a dozen wears. Hoping Timberland comes through, b/c too late to return to Amazon.",
60349,__label__2,good: very cute boots for toddlers. stylish and practical.gore-tex is a great technology to prevent soaking.I gave only 4 stars as they are rather difficult to put on,
60350,__label__1,"Cisco book by ROSSI: I read this book but did not find it very interesting. Though the Rossi has attempted to do a good job, it reads more like a manual. Also a lot of cut and paste pictures of the switches. I would suggest additional reading material besides this book",
60351,__label__1,"Need different text for new Switching exam: Although if you like manual type books, this is a fine book, it doesn't cut to the point and give you what is needs for the new CCNP Switching exam. Hard to read, with typos make it not a good choice.",
60352,__label__1,"Limited reception: I realized when I ordered this HD Jump that I lived in an outlying suburban area of Mpls,MN. I knew it was a gamble on reception. I can actually pick up the public radio broadcast I was after. The problem is that the HD Jump ADVERSELY affected my normal FM reception so badly that I pulled it all back out. I would not recommend this product. Try something with HD built into the radio itself.",
60353,__label__1,"DOA - The one I received shows no sign of life: After wiring it up to the car, the unit will not turn on. Yes I checked the power after the fuse. The support says to take it back to the installer. I like the idea of this product but after putting in the effort to install it and having a dead product and no one to call, I may go with a new in-dash HD radio.",
60354,__label__1,"Just awful: It might just be the area I live in (Austin, TX), but I only got 1 HD station. It was too bulky and looked terrible in my vehicle. I guess I got what I paid for.",
60355,__label__1,"Might as well have thrown my $40.00 in the trash.: Got this thing all hooked up and nothing.Not a buzz,pop or even a flatline.Power to device-check.Press power button-check.Houston we have a problem.",
60356,__label__2,"outstanding local color in a small Texas town: This movie, 1918 is a great piece of our history during WWI. (The Great War) It tells of courage, cowardice, patriotism, family ties, family integrity, family shame, insight to our families, God and death, A Mother's evaluation of God in the taking of her baby, innocence of the mentally retarded....A feeling like you are there. The background of a slaming screen door, the lady next door practicing for the next week church choir, the distant locomotive, the dog barking, the crowds celebrating the end of the war... the meaning of life and deathe in a small Texas town. The social structure of the family and the social structure of a family with a son that just isn't measuring up to expectations. A wonderful movie. And in my opinion, the best movie ever made. I felt as if I was there experienceing all of these things with the actors and actresses, who to me seemed like live participants.",
60357,__label__2,"Wonderful!: I got hooked when I saw this movie! It was very well acted and you became attached to the story. It made me want to read the play that this was based on as well as see the prequel ""On Valentine's Day"" Elizabeth and Horace's relationship tested by family and life in general. I loved it and would highly recommend this video and the others in the trilogy to anyone who loves historical dramas.",
60358,__label__1,"Not impessed!: I bought this film thinking it sounded really interesting, but I have to admit it is one of the dullest movies i have ever watched! The sleeve notes promised alot but the film delivered nothing. very disappointing!!!",
60359,__label__1,"1918 DVD: I purchased this DVD, thinking it may have much info regarding the 1918 flu pandemic. It doesn't - just briefly alluded to. But, an interesting glimpse into this very interesting era.",
60360,__label__1,"Ripped Off: i just finished 70-98 and passed with 74%, no thanks to this book. though padded out with lots of white space, this book is pretty brief if you actually count the questions. i found at least 4 inconsistencies within the book itself (ie. in one place it says MS Backup will restore DOS backups, 2 pages later it says it wont), several obvious typos, and about 10 more inconsistencies vs. the other book i used (Sam's Teach Yourself). all in all... not that useful, and way overpriced. i am, by the way, a big fan of MS Press in general -- just didnt like this particular book. save your money. ps: study tip ... if you havent done 70-059 yet, make sure you know your TCP/IP stuff, gateways, WINS, etc.",
60361,__label__1,"Waste of Money and Time: Do not buy this book.. I repeat do not buy this book. It is a hugh waste of time and money. I used this book and I memorized the questions in it. You will not find any of them on the real test. The real test is very, very hard and this book will not make it any easier for you. I got a very low score on the exam thanks to this book. I Im a straight A student I failed it. Be careful and study till you can't study anymore.",
60362,__label__1,Laughing Budda not funny: Bought this Budda and within a couple of wearings it began to fall out of the bezel. Although there appears to be enough metal to hold it in (from the front) the back is lacking.I am not pleased....,
60363,__label__2,"The Man, The Myth, The Legend: I've been a godzilla fan when they used to come on fox 5 before kung fu theatre on saturdays. I was excited when toho put both the uncut japanese and the english versions on the same dvd. The dvd is put together very well. The picture quality is excellent, sound is excellent and the special features are excellent for a godzilla dvd.",
60364,__label__2,"monster bash: aliens rebuild mechagodzilla and send him to battle godzilla again. fighting along side him is titanasauros. this one is much better than the previous film, good but sometimes akward battle scenes. also, good scenes of destruction as well. after defeating the enemys godzilla is seen swiming away in the end. getting a long rest before returning in godzilla 1985.",
60365,__label__2,"Good Godzilla movie.: This movie is a step above Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla.A good plot,okay acting,and great battle scenes makes this the best Godzilla film of the 1970's(not counting Godzilla vs. Monster Zero,which was released in Japan in 1966 but not in the US until 1970).Awesome Movie!",
60366,__label__2,"A nice return of Mechagodzilla!: In the previous movie Godzilla manages to defeat a robot of himself. Then, the aliens rebuild him and see if this dinosaur called Titanosaurus can help Mechagodzilla kill Godzilla. Of course, Godzilla beats the heck out of them. It's actually kind of funny at parts. I think this is the most stupid Godzilla. He practically acts like a super hero at times!!! Titanosaurus is pretty cool. I know that they could've beat Godzilla if they tried. I mean, Godzilla was buried. Mechagodzilla didn't really do anything. He just stood there and watched Godzilla beating up Titanosaurus. I think that Mechagodzilla and Titanosaurus should have been in Godzilla Final Wars. They deserved it. Well, atleast Titanosaurus deserves to be in it any way. This movie is good to any good King Kong/Godzilla fan. Buy it for the cheapest price you can find!",
60367,__label__1,"Robot Godzilla makes a not so glorious return.: Summary: Godzilla alone must fight to save Earth from Mechagodzilla, Titanosaurus, and an alien plot to invade earth.The last and almost least film in the original 15 movie Godzilla series. Boring story line and not so spectacular monster battles help bog down what could've been a good follow up to ""Godzilla Vs. Mechagodzilla"".Next is ""Godzilla 1985"", the first of 7 films comprising the second or ""heisei"" godzilla series.",
60368,__label__2,"A fav from childhood: I always loved this Godzilla film because of the humor level. The monsters aren't the toughest or coolest, but they're unique and the battles are fun. Corny space aliens and uber sci-fi plot makes it one of ""those 70's films."" If you're not into that then this film isn't for you.",
60369,__label__2,"If your're not down with this one, you aint a true G fan!!: Sup to all my Godzilla peeps..This flick here is one of my top faves because not only do you have Mechagodzilla in this one but also a scary looking and sounding monster by the name of Titanosaurus. Dont worry though.. GZilla who is outmuscled in this one comes through at the end as always.Not one of your average Godzilla movies that is considered to run on television or cable marathons so that is why I recommend this one for all's shopping carts. Enjoy!Peace to MERzilla.... One. djToneDef",
60370,__label__1,"American version doesn't compare: This easily my top three favorite Godzilla movies, but this DVD release unfortunately has tons of scenes cut out (probably 20 min or more). One major cut is the ending when Katsura gets shot, she is supposed to kill herself but then the movie just ends leaving you wondering what happened. I guess there was just too much suicide in this movie or something. If you are buying this movie for Godzilla fight scenes it is well worth it, but I wouldn't recommended it to someone who remembers the original film, I'd wait for the release of the unedited classic that I would have given 5 stars for instead of only 2.",
60371,__label__1,"For fans only: Aliens from the Third Planet of the Black Hole (or something like that) hatch a plot to transform Tokyo into some kind of alien super-city with the aid of a giant robot and a living dinosaur. Naturally, only Godzilla can save the day. I loved these movies when I was a kid and I still want to love them now for their nostalgia value, but I just can't get past how clunky, repetitive, and, well...dull they are. Nevertheless, I give this film a couple stars because I can still get a thrill from the iconic image of Godzilla stomping through Tokyo, the classic score is great, and there are a few moments of goofy charm that deliver the experience I was hoping for./",
60372,__label__2,"FINALLY! The UNCUT U.S. version is available!: For those who are not aware, this film was originally released to U.S. theaters as ""TERROR OF GODZILLA"". This version of the film was heavily edited, removing bad language and any scenes of violence. This version of the film was so badly chopped-up that it is barely watchable. Later, UPA re-released the film to U.S. TV as ""TERROR OF MECHAGODZILLA"". With the exception of a brief ""nude"" shot of the cyborg girl's artificial breasts, the film was uncut and included a brief ""History of Godzilla"" prologue before the opening credits. However, when the film was first released to VHS, it was the edited version that was used. Unfortunately, this version continued to be used on VHS, DVD, and TV, while the uncut U.S. version disappeared. FINALLY the U.S. version of the film has been restored in all its glory, including the ""History of Godzilla"" prologue! After so many years, Godzilla fans should rejoice over the chance to see this film as",t was m
60373,__label__1,"Not the same as pictured: I didnt get what was pictured on Amazon's website, It looked like a copy of the original. I returned it immediately and ordered from somewhere else.",
60374,__label__2,"TerrorofGman: DVD plays great, no problem with the sound or picture quality. Godzilla rocks Tokyo again. Excellent movie for any fan of the series.",
60375,__label__2,A pure classic!: I own a good chunk of old cheesy Godzilla movies and this particular title is a must have if you strive to build a Godzilla collection. I remember seeing bits and pieces of this when I was a little kid and decided to check it out once again now having the ability to understand the plot. There have been other Mechagodzilla redo's and sequels but none come close to the magic of this classic. If your into Godzilla then do yourself a favor and pick this one up!,
60376,__label__2,"This book makes you think about silence and seeing.: I read this book in my sophomore language arts class. I was not very interested in Jewish religon but after reading this book I have decided that it was one of the best books we read this year. I recomend it to anyone, I also suggest when reading it to find out more about the Jewish culture and what some of the words mean, without that you will be lost.",
60377,__label__2,"A must read for everyone: I enjoyed this book. It addresses those of the Jewish faith. The book involves two main characters, Danny, a Hasid with an inherited position from his father as a rabbi, and Danny, a Jewish boy whose father is a Zionist. Once I started reading, I couldn't put the book down. I am eager to read the sequel.",
60378,__label__2,"My favorite book: Yes, this book is wonderful no matter your race or religion. I found it especially awakening because I am not Jewish and had always been intrigued by the whole New York Jewish culture. It is a very deep and moving story about the friendship between two people from different backgrounds and the history they both share.",
60379,__label__2,"The Chosen: The book started off great, you could tell the friendship between the two boys was full of hatred, but it ended up to be a great story of how a boy lives on his life with his father practically controlling his every move, but does it in silence. Great book, highly recommended.",
60380,__label__2,"Insightful, Interesting, and Moving: I read The Chosen for my literature class at school, and I enjoyed it very much! Chaim Potok did a wonderful job of portraying the life of two young Jewish-American boys. Based in Brooklyn in the 1940s, we first meet the narrator, the modern Orthodox Reuven Saunders, as a 15 year old. An incident occurs to where he becomes close to his Ultra-Orthodox (Hasidic) counterpart, Danny Saunders. One is a mathematician and the other aspires to become a psychologist. Both are brilliant scholars of the Torah and the Talmud. Although I had little knowledge of Jewish customs and cultures, after reading this book, I learned some aspects of Judaism I never knew before. Potok defined many Jewish and Yiddish terms that otherwise I would not have any clue understanding. He made this a novel which looks into the lives of two brilliant young men who struggles to preserve their friendship and their own beliefs.",
60381,__label__2,"Compelling and exceptional: I am not Jewish nor was this book required reading. In fact, theboys in this book.... But I found this book deeply moving andsatifying. I am not going to change my Faith because I read it, andit seems to me that it is encouraging that belief is held as deeply asis illustrated by the characters in this very fine work. I am goingto read the sequel because I want to know what comes next in the livesof these intelligent, admirable characters. This is one of the bestbooks of fiction I have read in a long time.",
60382,__label__1,"It did not keep me on the edge of my seat.: The chosen was very boring and uneventful. It was this happens, then something else happens, then over and over again. The story of the friendship between Reuven and Danny is told well, but besides that, it was horrible.",
60383,__label__1,"This Book was a slow-moving, rather boring story.: This book was a required reading for my school, the book was too slow, and repetative at some points. It took to long to get from conflict to climax, to much beating around the bush.",
60384,__label__2,"The Chosen: I love history, culture, how cultures came to be, and how they interact. This book is full of that. The author has a very comfortable writing style and the book made me feel like I had visited these people in their homes. He writes in beautiful detail so the pictures are complete. I later bought the movie which was very good, but the book was even better. That's why I went on to purchase several other books by Chaim Potok.",
60385,__label__1,"Boring, boring, boring, and boring some more: Although this book's story moves along well, it is pointless. I found reading this book a task instead of fun. I should have picked a shorter book as to not waste my time on this.",
60386,__label__1,"the chosen is phat $$$$$$$: in my opinion, The Choosen is a good hook, but not nearly as good as some others that I have read! This novel taught me a lot about the Jewish religion in general, mostly because of Danny and Reuven's differences in opinion. It can drag at some points though! For instance, when Danny and Reuven are forbiden to see each other! And from the time when they begin colleage to the ending, there are some parts where little action takes place! That's why I gave it three stars!!!!",
60387,__label__1,i was very dissapointed with this book: i was not only dissapointed about this book but bored with every moment of it. It did not draw me into it for one minute and if i hadn't of had to read it for school i would have stoped reading after the first chapter.,
60388,__label__1,"This is a boring an difficult book to read.: Although it has many lessons to teach people about, it is long and filled with too much description. Any young reader is destined to fall asleep while reading it. If you are not compelled to read it you should not because you probably wont make it through it.",
60389,__label__1,"The book didn't do much for me: The chosen is written by chaim potok. I didn't like the book because it seemed a little unrealistic . I couldn't really relate to the book , because i'm not familiar with Jewish culture and I don't know any Jewish terms. I myself like action books and don't care for any boring Jewish books. there are facts that show that Hasidic people do not get along with other cultures they keep to themselves. So why would Danny try to be friendly with rueven. I don't think any parent would act like that to his child, and the child would be okay with it. I would of like the book if it was a little more exciting. I suggest this book to anybody Jewish or who is interested in Jewish culture.",
60390,__label__1,"[in comic-book-store-guy-from-the-Simpsons tone]: worst book EVER.The repetitive inanery of Potok's prose made me want to scoop my eyes out with a dull melon-baller.sample dialogue:Davey: What do you think?Reuven: They're a snooty bunch.D:What do you think about their playing?R: They're lousy.D: They're murderers.[later]D: Well?R: Well what?D: I told you they could hit.R: So you told me. So what?D: I wasn't bragging or anything. I just wanted to know what you thought.R; They can hit.D: They're murderers.and so on, for 50 pages.Unfortunately all the reviewers with insights into the shocking awfulness of this book seem to be 16 and illiterate, which destroys my credibility. Thanks guys.",
60391,__label__1,"Awfully boring: All that happens is that the main character gets hit by a baseball in the first few pages. After that, nothing happens.",
60392,__label__1,"A waste of time: I found this book to be completely boring. Don't get me wrong-- it did have some good content, but it just wasn't exciting. I like to read a book where there are some suprises that keep me reading. This book had none, which may be the reason I had difficulty staying awake while reading. THe first chapter caught my attention, with the baseball game, but from then on I was bored. I do not recommend this book-- SO TAKE THAT DORIS!",
60393,__label__1,"The Chosen- BAD! BORING!: This book was uninteresting. It was boring and uneventful. I felt it had a lot of unneccessary details that made the book even more unexciting and slow. The book had no meaning to me and I felt the ending was horrible. The author made led you believe that something would happen at the end because the rest of the book was not eventful. Instead, he just let everything go together! BORING!",
60394,__label__2,"Deep.: I had to read this book for an academic decathlon, and i thought it was very well written and complex. the characters are multi-layered and change throughout the book. at times, though, i got a little lost and confused, and had to read the same page several times. i dont know much about jewish culture or customs, or the controversy about a jewish state, but i still understood the book. i even learned a little. i would reccomend this book, but if you like shallow reading, dont read it. if you enjoy good literature, then by gosh, read it!",
60395,__label__2,"Excellent Book!: Although i read this book for a class, I thoroughly enjoyed it. The book hooks in the reader by opening out with a tension-filled baseball game. Needless to say, this book is a real page-turner. Furthermore, the book was a very enriching read. The often overlooked customs, history and varying religions of the Jewish religion is covered in a way that doens't put the reader to sleep. The tale itself is also very well-developed, as it shows the clashing between two Jewish realms.The only downfall of the book in my mind, were the unrealistic qualities of a few of the characters. It seemed as though they were too smart for being just teenagers at time, and many of their discussions seemed unrealistic.This however, didn't detract too much from the read, and I'd recommend this to any adult-level reader. Once again; it's a page turner (took me only about 3 days) and well worht the read.",
60396,__label__2,"I love this book: I read this book for outside reading in my English 10H class, and i loved it. The prose was wonderful and i really appreciated the themes. The ending almost made me cry. It is true that there is not much action in the story, but that is because this book is about friendship and the relations between fathers and sons, not about runaway trains and hijacked nukes. If you want action, go buy the latest John Grisham or Stephen King. This is a really moving book for those who want reading material with more depth. It is well worth reading.",
60397,__label__2,"""The Chosen"": A Friendship Story: I read ""The Chosen"" as an assignment preceeding my becoming a Bat Mitzvah. The basic story was very easy to understand for a 12-year-old, and it described the evolving frienship of two once-enemies, now best buds. There are three books within the novel, and as the second book culminates and the third book starts, the text begins to get ""heavy"". The average reader easily becomes distracted with the in-depth writing about Hasidic Jews, the Talmud, and other subjects pertaining to the Jewish religion. Even I, a well-educated Jew for my age, was confused. In a nutshell, ""The Chosen"" deserves four stars for its vivid description and interesting plot; however, it was a incredibly intricate.",
60398,__label__1,"Fulfillment and Disapointment: After spending part of my summer vaction reading Chaim Potok's novel The Chosen, I felt that I learned more about the Jewish religion, but I was also a little disappointed. The Chosen is a novel of two Jewish boys growing up under different Jewish customs in the 1940's. Reuven Malter, the main character in the book is an Orthodox Jew, and Danny Saunders, the other boy is Hasidic. Since the two are different in religious ways, Danny being more serious about his beliefs, and Reuven being more relaxed, there is a lot of tension between the two at first, but they get around that and evolve to become best friends. I felt disappointed after reading this because I expected much more. It has wonderful reviews, so I expected non-stop excitement. At times the book was fun to read and interesting, but most of the time it was rather monotonous.I give this book two of five stars.",
60399,__label__2,Shipping: I recently ordered this book for my daughter; it was on her summer reading list. We are new to the area and I needed this book quickly. I placed my order and received it before the expected date of delivery :) My daughter has finished the book and loved it. I will read it and get back to you on the actual book.,
60400,__label__1,"Pity Party: I hated this book when I had to read it for school, but it did help me understand when my best friend's parents wouldn't allow me in their house because I wasn't Jewish. I was only allowed in the garage, and my best friend had to fight to allow that much access. I can't imagine what it was like for blacks...segregation sucks.",
60401,__label__1,"In a Different Light: The book was very inspiring and motivational. It was very hard to read. It took a very long time to get into the book. I almost gave up reading it but I had to see why other reviews that I read spoke so highly of it. Once I finished the book I realize why. It was about true friendship and how it can last through anything. It was also about a young man and his thirst for knowledge, and the lengths he had to go to to reach his final happiness. It inspired to to follow my dreams, and decide my future for myself.",
60402,__label__1,It was ok....i wouldnt read it on my own time thats for sure: it was ok....if you dont have to read it for school then DONT READ itother than that it was ok :),
60403,__label__1,"THE CHOSEN - Good fun!: The Chosen, by Chaim Potok, was a great book about two Jewish boys from different sects of Judaism. Reuven Malter , one of the main charchters from the book gets hit in the head with a baseball by Danny Saunders, one of the Hasidic boys during a baseball game. Throughout the book, Danny and Reuven become good friends. The two boys do alot of things together, such as study torah and Talmud. Not only is this book about the boys good friend ship, but also about the relationship of father and son. But because of the different beliefs of both their fathers, the boys are not allowed to see each other. This book, demonstrated friendship and helped educate people on the Jewish Religion.",
60404,__label__1,"Not bad....: This book is ok...it teaches important life lessons, but the whole book is a waste of time and too long to read. I found it to be very very boring and didnt want to finish but i had to for a school report",
60405,__label__1,"This Book is Terrible: For your convinience, I will now boil down The Chosen into one easily readable paragraph:""I can hear silence,"" Danny said sadly. I went over and gave him a big hug. After that we went for a long walk. We walked for about two hours. We walked at a medium pace. While we walked, we talked about the Torah. Danny does four blat of the Torah a day! Danny's so smart, I can only do two blat. After that we went to Danny's house and argued with his dad. We argued about the Torah. Then I went home and cried.Now imagine if this paragraph was two hundred pages long. That is pretty much all The Chosen is.",
60406,__label__2,Very Enjoyable to read: I read this book last year because my mom suggested to me. I started to read it at first and slighty after the baseball part I got bored. Then A few months later I picked up the book and read it again and found that it was very intresting. Being a reformed jew I found that I acutally did not realate much to the hasidic and othordox jews. I did however know the terms and I did not find it difficult to read. I do not understand how people could find this book boring and I think that if they would of given the book a chance they would of enjoyed this book.,
60407,__label__2,"Absorbing and informational: I had previously read this book and given away my only copy. It is one which deserves a permanent place on one's bookshelf. The story features a young Jewish scholarly boy growing up in Brooklyn during WWII and afterwards. While slow in starting, it gives the background and atmosphere, along with much of earlier history, of the Jewish community in America prior to the war. The characters are memorable and believable.",
60408,__label__2,"very fastpaced...: The Chosen does an incredible job in explaining the ways of the Jewish people.As a Christian,I was able to have an insight in how the traditional Jews lived... Now I won't be looking just at their strange appearances but the traditions that they are linked to... The book was able to explain history and lives of Jewish people through a very engaging way...",
60409,__label__2,"Friendship and Dissension : A story of two best friends: ""The chosen"" is the probably best book I think I have ever read. If you want to be captivated by a world of two intellectuals, who's main goal is to remain the best of friends, through the thick and the thin, then I would strongly suggest reading this particular book.I have never read a book that I literally couldn't put down, but as I was reading ""The Chosen"" I stayed up all night because I just couldn't stop reading. The way Potok writes is so mesmorizing that the reader is drawn into a world of dissension and yet a world of true friendship. If you have'nt read this book already you are missing out on one of the best pieces of classical literature there is (in my opinion).",
60410,__label__2,The Chosen: Experience with the service was very good. The quality of the product was in conformity of what was stated. I would rank it as very good.,
60411,__label__2,"A delightful book that brings words and charactors to life: Our 7th fomr English teacher gave us The Chosen for our chosen book to read for bursary.. Now I was not much of a reader, which is a bit unusal for NZDers. Once I picked up The Chosen I couldn't put it down. Danny and Reuven just seemed more than charactors held together by a bunch of words. They really came out to real life. I finished the book in 2 days and followed by reading the sequal, which I finished that week. I am so grateful for reading these books, as I have learn't a lot through the lives of these 2 people. I have also now recieved a passion for reading and learning more. Since moving to England I have now brought both The Chosen and the sequal, which I have read them many times.",
60412,__label__2,"enter into the magical world of American Judaism ...: To write a summary of this book would do it injustice. Moreover, giving away the plot takes away the fun. Potok has a gift for sketching out what the magical world of Judaism looks like. While I was reading the dialogues, I could almost hear the characters with accents (like Danny's father, Reuven's father, their Talmud teacher Reb, etc.). I do sympathize with those who do not know some of the Jewish terms (e.g. tzaddik, Torah, Mishnah, Talmud, etc.). It would have helped to have a glossary, but an attentive reader would be able to figure out from the context what the terms meant.The story is not merely about Judaism; it's about friendship and parenthood. What does it mean to have a ""soul""? But none of these values or principles makes sense unless it is embedded in the narrative of two rather different Jewish boys growing up as best friends.",
60413,__label__2,"Potok is Awesome!: Potok is one of my favourite authors. I am not even Jewish, but I found this book in my mother's library. I read it in High School and was totally intrigued by Judaism and the Jewish culture. I learned about Jewish life, Hasidism, Hasidics' view of Conservative (or secular) Jews and vice-versa, father-son relationships, and following one's dreams which might go against a parent's expectation.I absolutely cherished this book (sadly it was already falling apart and I had to tape the cover page back on).For anyone who is interested to know more about the topics that I mentioned above, go ahead and read it.",
60414,__label__2,"A wonderful book about relationships and religion.: The book begins with two boys divided by their religion. Throughout the book is a wonderful portrayal of how friendship can overcome boubdaries. The Jewish language causes a bit of a stunbling block. However,the reader can simply bypass that block by looking at the context describe in the surrounding sentences. This book is an eye opener about common Jewish people and how they handle different struggles. I recommend it to everyone who is interested in a heartwarming book that crosses all religious boundaries.",
60415,__label__2,"A Pleasant Surprise: This was not at all what I expected when I picked up this book. Reuvin and danny lead me into a world which I had never visited. It provided wonderful insight into the jewish culture, which I had previously been clueless about. A wonderful book for any season. Kept me hooked.",
60416,__label__1,"So boring...: I have heard for years how good this book is. It never looked particularly interesting to me personally, so I put it off and put it off. I finally got around to picking up a copy, and was pleasantly surprised for the first 75 pages or so. It did engage me. And then...what I expected: the author began to describe the tedious nuances of the slightly-different faiths in excruciating detail. I just didn't care. I found myself skipping whole paragraphs hoping to get back to the storyline. Eventually, I just threw in the towel. Judging from all the positive reviews here on Amazon, and from friends and coworkers, I trust that there is something worthwhile here. Unfortunately, I couldn't find it. So, take the advice that makes sense for you. You know yourself better than most, right? I should have trusted my own instincts. But, sometimes we're wrong, right? Might be worth picking up at the library first. If you can make it to the end, more power to you...",
60417,__label__2,"Great but difficult book: I think this book is a real good one. I've read it for a schools assignment and first I thought it was boring to do, but later when I was reading the book, I started to like it. It is a very interesting and high quality book, and even easy to understand for people who don't read English very well. I would recommend it to everyone!",
60418,__label__2,"A powerfully moving work: I read Potok's Chosen in Summer 2003, following my graduation from high school. This wonderful book is a tale of friendship, religious conflict, fatherly and brotherly love, tolerance, education, war, and finding one's calling in life. I recommend it to all literate persons.",
60419,__label__1,"I found The Chosen to be a very confusing and difficult.: The Chosen by Chaim Potok is about two boys, Reuven Malter and Danny Saunders, who meet at a baseball game, when Danny accidentally hits Reuven in the eye with a baseball, and Danny and Reuven become instant friends.While they are friendly, they have some problems. I thought that the book was a good portrayal of how good friends should always stick together, but I found that the author, Chaim Potok is confusing at times. He used Hasidic and Hebrew words that the reader if not Jewish might have difficultly understanding.The book was good for someone Jewish; otherwise, it was a flop.",
60420,__label__1,FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DON'T READ THIS BOOK!: Ignor all of the other reviews cause this is the truth. What kind of a book is about a friendship. Its so boring he does the same thing every day and its seems to last forever. It seemed to have no problem in the book til the last 25 pages. It really blows!,
60421,__label__1,"Totally BORING!!!!!!!: I had to read this book for my Honors Social Sudies class but everyone hated the book with so much passion that the teacher said we didn't have to finish it. I, however, am one of those people who can't stand not finishing a book once it's started, so I strugled through the ending. This book is basically meaningless, confusing, and most of all BORING!!! All there is is all these Jewish tems I didn't get, and the book basically went no where fast and was pointless. I don't mean to disrespect any Jews out there, I just don't get the Jewish termenology. What is a Tora anyway??? Well that's basiclaly it except I think everyone but Jewish people should avoid this book!!!!",
60422,__label__1,"WOW- This is a REALLY GREAT BOOK---LOL: Oh- wow- a softball game. It is just amazing the way chaim potok can make something such as softball turn into death and gore.This is sooooooo exiting!!!Its almost as god as resident evil,only it is really boring and a waste of treesif i wanted to read about jews, i would read the bible, and if i wanted to read about softball i would read some biography...even that is more fun than this bookdo not waste money OR trees unless you must get this for school. it is BADby the way, im 14 not 12, i just didnt feel like getting an accounthave a nice day(unless you are willingly reading this in which case: may your bookshelf catch on fire)would anyone like to buy this from me?",
60423,__label__2,"Good Job Potok!!!: This book was class assigned, by my english teacher... and right away i thought, ""Oh God, class books are soooooo boring!"" But as soon as i finished the first page, i got really into it, and I ended up loving it. The friendship between Danny and Reuven is heart warming and inspiring. Their experiences can alter the way people view religion for years to come. Good Job Potok!!!",
60424,__label__2,"The touching story of two boys maturing in separate worlds: This book is my second all-time favorite book! (George Orwell's 1984 is my favorite.) This should be read by anyone, especially people exposed to much diversity. Throughout the masterpiece, I would think in my mind what I thought would be the most effective cont nuation of the story from whereever I was, and I would say 99 times out of 100 (No exageration!) the book took the course that I thouught would be most effective. If you are looking for other books that empathize with the Jews, try EXODUS by Leon Uris. While EXODUS is not as good, it really gets you wrapped up in the story. READ THIS BOOK!",
60425,__label__2,"Most enjoyable book I've read to date: Wow. I can see why this book was a finalist for Book of the Year. Mr. Potok brought me right into the soul of the characters in this book, and even though I know very little about Hasidic culture, I was certainly not at a loss to the plot. This is great writing, and a great story. I have read hundreds of great books in my lifetime (including classics), and I enjoyed this one more than any so far. I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone.",
60426,__label__2,"a subtle story, written simply: This highly lauded book is a tale of fathers, sons, differing traditions, changing times, and ageless truths. Written in deceptively simple style and from the point of view of Rueven, a teen-aged Jewish boy in WWII era New York City, ""The Chosen"" is the story of his unlikely friendship with Danny, the son of a leader of Hasidic Jews in Williamsburg.Inextricably woven through the narrative is the study of the Talmud, which in terms of time and attention, is the center of both boys' lives.The two boys must work out their relationships among themselves and their fathers, and must find a way to pursue theircallings. Ironically, Danny's vocation is to become a ""secular"" psychologist rather than, as tradition dictates, a rabbi in thefootsteps of his father. Rueven is the one who senses a call to the rabbinate.Potok writes cleanly, never letting his style get in the way of the story. At its close you will know the hearts of its four major characters",
60427,__label__2,"My first Chaim Potok novel: I found the cover intriguing on my way through the bookstore, and picked this one up. Being raised Catholic, I wasn't sure that I would relate, but the premise seemed interesting, so I bought it. This novel really turned me on to Potok's work, and I've since purchased all of his other books. I find this work the easiest to read by far, as those who are not familiar with the Jewish faith will still be able to follow it well.",
60428,__label__2,"very well written, moving story: The Chosen is very well-written and contains a very moving story. I have always been interested in history; religion, wars, whatever. It facinates me. This book offers a wonderful view of two boys with exceptional differences that create a great friendship. Even though this book does not offer a lot of action, it is so well written that it just captivates you into the story. Kudos to Potok.",
60429,__label__2,"I found this book to be very inspirational.: Chaim Potok wrote one of the most memorable books I have ever read. ""The Chosen"" clearly displays the effect of religion on teenagers. The two main characters, Danny Saunders and Reuven Malter, meet during the most unusual of circumstances. Danny actually injured Reuven while playing in a baseball game. Throughout the years, they developed a long-lasting friendship. The respect and devotion they show towards one another display the coming of age of two young men. This novel is perfect for anyone who enjoys reading about the importance of maturing over time.",
60430,__label__2,"The book was enjoyable and an eye opening experience.: ""The Chosen"" is a book that I typically would not read. It has subtle ways of making you think about what happens in a religion that can also be split. I enjoyed the relationship between the two main characters, I felt they grew through time. They both gave eachother what the other needed",
60431,__label__2,"Outstanding: This was the first book by Chaim Potok that I have read. Since then I have been working my way through his other novels. I find them all excellent, and once you finish ""The Chosen"", I would recommend the sequel ""The Promise."" The Asher Lev series is also outstanding.",
60432,__label__2,"The Chosen is worth a little work to understand: It is a shame that some teachers assign this book without preparing their classes with a basic understanding of Judaism. However, because one does not understand a book at first try does not mean the book has no meaning. Reading The Chosen is an opportunity to gain some insight into another culture, as well as another time and place. The characterizations are very rich and the themes are universal.",
60433,__label__2,"A good read: i also had to read this book for school, and i think its superbly written and a very emotional and touching story. I'm sorry that the other students still can't understand what good literature is when they see it. this is a very strong book.",
60434,__label__1,"For Mature Or Searching Audiences Only: I picked up the Chosen because it was assigned to my son for his summer reading program, for fifteen-year-olds. The first chapter describing a heated baseball game had potential for capturing a young readers attention. However, the terminology, the in-depth history, the passive conflict, and the lack of action soon gave way to tedium. Yes, it contrasts Jewish sects and compares relationships with fathers, but to get to that point is almost as mind numbing as a marathon Talmud lesson! Lets challenge and inspire, not overwhelm and bore our students.",
60435,__label__2,"Wonderful Bicycle!!: I bought this bike for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas and she just loves it!! It was made perfectly with the pinks, purples, flashy decor and Big bright white wall tires!! Truly Charming!! Excellent price too!! Thanks Amazon!!",
60436,__label__1,"New York Rocker Not So Rockin': Actually I'd probably give it 2 and a half stars. I did finish it. But inbetween I read a true crime murder story. I found the style of writing a bit elementary and hard follow. Especially the first 2 years with Blondie. Lots of blank spaces in this book, so maybe it really does live up to the title.",
60437,__label__2,"What ever happened to Gary Valentine?: If you are one of the millions of Blondie fans who ever wondered what happened to Gary Valentine (the composer of Blondie classics ""Sex Offender"" and ""I'm Always Touched By Your Presence Dear"") after mysteriously disappearing from the lineup in between the eponymous debut LP and Plastic Letters--and if you wondered why Valentine looked so uncomfortable being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame next to Debbie Harry and Chris Stein -- then this is the book for you. Valentine spent ensuing years as a writer and it shows in this gripping, insightful and informative book. Though there are some awkward misspellings--like Ric Ocasek of the Cars' name-- this is an absorbing, entertaining and anecdotal account of the birth of punk, the malaise of latter-day new wave, and the rivalry within a classic band--by someone who lived it every step of the way.",
60438,__label__1,"No sympathy for the devil: It would be almost impossible to have lived through the time period and cultural place that Valentine did and not have a few interesting stories to tell. Unfortunately he reveals himself as a not very likable character. He credits himself with Blondie's success - although he only played on their first album. Nasty jabs at the other members of Blondie, as well as complete disregard for a former girlfriend and sick child, make for very unpleasant reading at times - vitriol and envy seem to be the driving force behind his writing. Still, it's a least a better book thanTurn Off Your Mind: The Mystic Sixties and the Dark Side of the Age of Aquarius, which is a completly embarassing, amateur mess. Not sure how it's possible to make such fascinating subjects boring and repetitive, but Valentine manages to do it. 'New York Rocker' is certainly interesting, but it leaves a bitter taste.",
60439,__label__2,"Surprisingly a great read if you're interested in punk: Extremely readable memoir of Mr Valentine when he arrives to NYC as a young teenager. What's makes the book a worthy read is that he has a knack for offering interesting details about what it was like being part of the music scene in NYC in the late 70's. Even when he wasnt in a band he was a active ""fan"" and part of the scene. The book is well-edited and it moves along at a nice pace. As some of the other reviewers point out, the writer isnt particularly nasty in his opinions but he also doest shrink from saying what he feels about other folks he knew at that time. There was prodigious drug use going on around him and it was eye-opening for me that so many rockers where sticking needles in their arms in those days. If you like NYC Punk, this is quite an intersting and informative read.",
60440,__label__2,Exactly as described: The Instahanger was easy to install and is very compact when closed. It has a very low profile and the unobtrusive design makes it useful anywhere. I mounted it inside a closet door to give extra hanging space for coats and laundry. I will be sending two as gifts!,
60441,__label__2,"All that we needed: We moved into a new house and had no place, in the utility room, to hang clothes as they come out of the dryer. We saw this collapsible hanger made of plastic and another one made of wood. It was a tough decision because the wooden hanger appears to be more sturdy, looks nicer but is much more expensive. Since all the trim in our utility room is white, we finally decided to go with the more reasonably priced white plastic hanger. We couldn't be more delighted. It does everything we need it to do and doesn't look bad. We have hung the weight of two dryer loads of clothes on it without a problem. Those loads included three pairs of jeans. Manufacturer claims it holds 50 lbs and I do not doubt it. When not in use, it collapses neatly against the wall.",
60442,__label__2,Works very well!: This is a very well built item that was easy to install and holds a heavy load of hanging clothes.,
60443,__label__2,Solved my laundry room problem.: I love this product! Easy to install and holds lots of items. It's easy to fold away when not in use. It has totally solved the lack of hanging space in my laundry toom.,
60444,__label__2,"It's So Simple and So Smart!: It's just a white piece of plastic on the wall most of the time, but when you need it it becomes a little closet. There are many times you need to hang things temporarily -- when you're ironing, when clothes need to hang to dry, when company comes over and you don't have room for their coats -- many reasons. This is an inexpensive and easy way to have extra closet space whenever you need it.It comes with really good instructions and extras for hanging it in any situation, and installation was a snap.No more hanging clothes off of counters and door frames!",
60445,__label__2,"Arrow Hanger: Works Great, Its not super strong but it works.Its a place to hang stuff right out the washer or dryer.",
60446,__label__1,"Missing parts: The picture/description shows it coming with a bracket to hang over the door, but it does not come with it! I sent the first order back and asked for a replacement and it also came without the bracket. I just ended up sending it back.",
60447,__label__2,"Great space saver and folds away flat: I have two of these--one to hold my hangers and one to hold the items I've hung on hangers fresh from the dryer. Make sure you use a big wall-anchor with this item because it will hold a lot of weight, but the wall won't.",
60448,__label__2,Laundry: This product has neatened up my laundry room. I keep my extra clothes hangers on one and use the others for hanging clothers out of the washer that shouldn't go in the dryer.,
60449,__label__2,"Perfect!: I love this clothes hanger. I just needed something small for a few items every week and this is perfect. It's out of the way and doesn't take up any floor space. When it's closed you don't even know it's there. Like always, I knew I could find what I was looking for at Amazon. Thank you.",
60450,__label__2,"Handy item: I like this. I used this in my soon to be born daughter's room where I needed to hang some of her clothing. I didn't want to buy a huge closet or clothing organizer because she's a baby and doesn't have too much stuff that needs to be hung up. THis was a perfect solution for us. Easy to install, holds clothes and when we don't need it, it folds neatly against the wall. My only complaint is that the material used to make this product seems a bit cheap. A sturdier plastic would have made me feel more comfortable. All in all, a good buy.",
60451,__label__2,"Very handy item, everyone can use one of these.: Built out of very thick and durable plastic, not cheap feeling at all. Very easy to install since you can drive the screws right through the existing holes, meaning you do not need to measure or cut a template. Goes up in a minute and folds out of the way. Wish I had these all over the place whenever I need to hang something up.",
60452,__label__2,Exactly what you expect it to be: I got two of these little things when I moved into a room with no stoarage or closet. They were easy to install and work fine.,
60453,__label__2,Great gadget: This is just what I needed for my laundry room. I can hang shirts straight from the dryer so they don't wrinkle. Some don't even need to be ironed. It is almost unnoticeable when folded down.,
60454,__label__2,Arrow Hangar works great: My wife was hesitant but now that I have it mounted in the laundry room she wonders how we got along without it.,
60455,__label__1,Tough on the installation: One of the screws provided was of centered and impossible to use. When using a drill or screw driver it was not easy to atttach the top part to the wall,
60456,__label__2,"A real convenience!: A great convenience item! It arrives with three different methods for hanging: 1) available stud (nails are supplied) 2) no stud but dry wall (screw anchors supplied) 3) plaster (different set of anchors supplied). There is also a template that can be cut out so that the precise areas for the screws can be marked prior to hanging. You will require a drill and bit, of course. You can also order a metal attachment so that you can just hang the device over a door. The instructions are exacting and warns you to make room for other items in the room that might interfere with its function and they even provide the optimum length from the floor to hang the device. It works like a charm and holds plenty of weight. Great for when I bring home that large bundle of clothes from the valet or when I am packing for a trip or for my guests to hang their coats, etc. A great idea, well designed and solidly constructed.",
60457,__label__2,Finally a laundry room hanger that doesn't get in the way (usually): Works very well as a hanger while emptying the dryer - just have to remember to close it up when I'm done because I've bumped my head on it several times!,
60458,__label__2,Good Ed tool: Good educational tool to reinforce concept of opposite the muppet at the end as the credits are rolling sings and my 18 month old laughs and giggles at him as he sings and demonstrates opposites.,
60459,__label__2,Good DVD: My baby loves it. Elmo is quite funny. He makes a few jokes that only adults would understand. Have fun!,
60460,__label__2,My baby girl loves this DVD!: My daughter is 15 months and loves this DVD! She has learned UP and DOWN and loves to demonstrate to anyone who will watch!,
60461,__label__2,"Andy & Me: YES read ""Andy & Me"" for a quick overview and high-level understanding of the LEAN process. The book will not tell you how to create the LEAN process but will give you a basic understanding to build on and insight into the questions you may need to ask for your particular situation.",
60462,__label__1,"A quick read but not worth it.: I had hoped this book would provide more detail on TPS, but it is very light on any detail and glosses over many points. After you have read The Goal and are use to its style of teaching manufacturing principles in the context of a novel, this book leaves you feeling really disappointed.",
60463,__label__2,"Andy & Me - A look at lean tools in action: Nice overview of a lean journey just kicking off. Lots of good example of lean methods, just not the same old kanban Mistake proofing, SMED materials. One lean method that really stood out was the example of Policy Deployment and how it was tied to daily management (A3 Sheets). I also like how it showed the leaders involvement from the standpoint of taking responsibility for providing training and stability. Too bad it was a spin of the Goal.",
60464,__label__2,Superb: I'm a big fan of books that can teach a lesson in a simple way. Totally suggest this book to anyone who's interested in taking on the Lean Journey. Good Luck to you!,
60465,__label__1,"Don't waste your time: This book took about an hour and a half to read, and while quick, it wasn't worth the effort. The LEAN portion of the book was vague with little explanation, the characters were shallow and unrealistic, and the details in the book were pretty pointless for the most part. While it wasn't terribly written, it seemed very rushed and I gained little to nothing from having read it. A textbook would have been more informative, and a true novel would have been more interesting. Save your time and don't bother with this one.",
60466,__label__2,"A Golden Nugget: I have read a few business improvement novels in the past few years, but this one blew me away. I picked it up and was halfway through the book before I was forced to put it down by some prior engagements. It had a wealth of information that someone eager to learn could consume and digest without trouble, as well as a story line that kept me interested and willing to keep flipping through pages. I highly recommend this literature to anyone interested in manufacturing, lean initiatives, or reading.I wouldn't recommend this book to Amazon, because rather than buying the next book I'm probably just going to re-read this one.",
60467,__label__1,"Written by an ignoramus for the foolish: I never write book review but had to in this case.Why I Hate Israel: A Candid Account is the result of what happens when anyone can self-publish a book.Priya Gandhi-Ganesh is obviously a very angry person. The author says she is concerned about human rights. Is she is, perhaps she should investigate the following countries for sever human rights violations:ChinaMost of AfricaSaudi ArabiaSyriaIraqIranEtc...............As to her facts in the book, there are few. Even her historical data is wrong in many places.The publishers of this book do mainly fiction, of which this book is.",
60468,__label__1,"Priya Gandhi-Ganesh needs help, worthless, trash of a book: An Israeli kid must have been mean to Priya Gandhi-Ganesh as a kid, and she has held on to that anger.Why I Hate Israel: A Candid Account, is not a candid account, rather an angry account of a woman with a deep IRRATIONAL hatred.Where she is not irrational, her facts are wrong.Where her facts are occasionally and rarely correct, her suggestions are atrocious.This is a worthless book, don't waste you time on it.",
60469,__label__1,"Garbage, with phony reviews: The book is garbage. I won't comment on it since the author first off has a huge bias. But more importantly, she is a complete ignoramus.It is interesting to note that in the last two months, there have been a lot of reviews. But all of these people have the same writing style and none of them have written more than two reviews.Obviously, someone out there wants to boost the reviews on this toilet paper.Don't believe it. This is a worthless book.",
60470,__label__2,"Jews Are The Problem In The Middle East: If it weren't for the Jews, we would have global peace. Why is it surprising that Jews who killed Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, will destroy global peace by oppression and suppression of poor people. Jesus Christ fulfilled Isaiah 60-61 as the Gospel of Luke tells us. But Jews killed Him? Why because they are Jews. It's in their religion as Book of Acts clearly accuse Jews.",
60471,__label__1,"Why I hate Priya Gandhi-Ganesh: Garbage, pure and simple. The author didn't even try to research the subject.I wonder if there are other countries that can be mentioned in a context like this. Why I hate India? Why I hate Pakistan? Why I hate Iran? Strange, didn't encounter this kind of books.Does the literature with the word ""hate"" in its title qualify as hate literature? I want to see a person who claims that it is an objective investigation of the reasons.",
60472,__label__1,"Any book that begins by promoting hatred of an entire country is crap by definition.: Hatred of an entire group or country is unconsionable, regardless of who you are or what group you hate.If someone wrote a book called ""Why I Hate India"" or ""Why I Hate Hindus"", it would rightly be decried as the basest of bigoted nonsense--most likely by the author herself. Claiming that ""Gandhi-Ganesh argues from Hinduism, Christianity, International Human Rights, and ethics why her hatred is justified and even encouraged,"" is despicable. Decent Hindus, Christians and those involved in human rights know that none of these beliefs can ever legitimately be used to justify or encourage hatred.This does NOTHING to advance the cause of peace--on the contrary, it can only serve to inflame prejudice.Amazon should be ashamed of selling and promoting such trash.",
60473,__label__1,"A good book for young kids, others skip it!: Out of all the books in this not very good series, this was probably one of the worst. Right behind Zorba the Hutt's Revenge and Queen of the Empire of course. As much as I enjoy it when the characters wander around jungle planets,(my favorite) this book had an unbelievable plot, weak diologue, and an extremely childish writing style. And that Ken is a nice boy and all, but a complete geek. An attempt to relate to the ""normal kid"" who would be reading this book. Also the characters from the movies are either grossly exagerated, or practicly nonexistant. All of them are warped and and barely recognizabal as Star Wars characters, most of all Luke. Kids twelve and under, for whom this book is intended for, probably won't mind any of that, though, adult and teenage Star Wars fans, such as myself will probably find them boring and silly.",
60474,__label__1,"THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!: This book is one of the worst Star Wars books I have ever read!!! There aren't any Jedi princes!!! And why does that Baji dude say everything in rhyme??? Don't you think that if there really was a ""Lost City of the Jedi,"" the Rebels would have found it when they made their base there?? I advise you: if you are a true Star Wars fan, you will not read this book full of false information",
60475,__label__1,"It's not the author's fault!: The Lost City of the Jedi, a book that continues on from it's equally horrible predecessor The Glove of Darth Vader, has the same style and immature characteristics that prevent it from developing any real enjoyment.",
60476,__label__2,"Excellent Mix of Ancient Chants, Deep Base lines and beats.: Excellent mix of catchy sacred chants mixed to good beats. Unlike other cds, I find it growing on me more and more as time goes by. Thats why I am buying another copy. Something about timeless Mantras mixed to modern beats they compliment each other when done well. Don Shiva has done well.",
60477,__label__2,"The Monster Flic of All Time: There is none better. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is for the spliced-in Raymond Burr scenes to ""Americanize"" the story. I have a VHS copy of the original JAPANESE ONLY release, not shown in the U.S. That versin is longer, the scenes are in different order and the story takes on a whole new look, focusing more on the characters. Oh for a DVD of that version!That aside, this is the film by which I judge all 'creature features'. You forget the monster is a man in a rubber suit, stomping around a miniature set. The black & white photography, the attention to lighting details make this a winner all around.I feel guilty for being sad at the end as Godzilla dies, but that's just how the story pulls you in. The 1995 movie of the same name was an insult to this near-masterpiece.",
60478,__label__2,"Back to the Classics: A true classic monster movie...done just how it should be done, with shaky scientific explanations, atomic age wariness, and a look into the human side of monster-made disasters. Those who grew up with the 70's-era movies with it's cheesiness need to see the original, with Godzilla very much the bad guy. The Americanized segments with Raymond Burr are actually not that bad, giving the film a more documentary-like feel, and emphasizing the helplessness of the many victims, though it trips the continuity somewhat.The most commendable aspect of this feature is its focus on the victims with haunting images of the injured and dying, and unforgettable location shots of Tokyo in flames. There is no monster vs. monster battle, just simply humans vs. monster, and the results are powerful and stick with you. It's back to the basics with this one folks, and you'll love it!",
60479,__label__1,"Ick....: I rented this movie, and the quality was horrible. I have the Simitar release, and that was way better. Now I have the R2 uncut Japanese version of this movie, and that is far superior than any release here of this version. It was remastered, so there are hardly any scratch marks on the print, which is what it should be when released for dvd. It was worth the price I paid. While the original version wasn't made with a widescreen format, the US release was, and only the Simitar release is widescreen, this isn't. Classic Media should be punished by all us Godzilla fans for this blasphemy!!",
60480,__label__1,"Don't buy it!: No matter how much you may want to see this film, DON'T BUY IT. This transfer was made from a beat up, soft, poor-contrast 16mm print, and to release it on Blu-ray was nothing short of thievery on the part of Toho or whoever was responsible. The film is worthwhile, but unless they issue a new Blu-ray transfer from good 35mm source material save your money.",
60481,__label__1,How disapointing: One expects a higher priced Blu-ray Edition to be an improvement over the DVD Release. This release omits the Raymond Burr Godzilla King Of the Monsters version. Now instead of passing thew DVD on to a youngster I'll HAVE to keep both. I will not get tripled dipped on this one. Classic Media dropped the ball with this release. They've tarnished their impressive record of Kaiju releases,
60482,__label__2,The best: I like it because it's the origin of the whole story. The picture and sound were good. Best of the Godzilla movies.,
60483,__label__2,"Its not fair to ask me to rate this: since i am completely biased. this is my favorite movie. i was replacing a copy of it that my puppy got ahold of and chewed (bad dog, lol) Its a must have for any serious Godzilla aficianado.",
60484,__label__1,Raymond Burr vs. Gonzilla: I bought this DVD because my 4-year grandaughter is fasinated with Godzilla. It didn't hold her attention or mine. There was more of Raymond Burr than Godzilla.,
60485,__label__1,"Inexcuseable: Inexcuseable. Being a short movie there would have been ample room on the DVD to include the original Japaneese version of the film. The Raymond Burr version presents broken shards of the original film interspersed with an american narrator spliced in to soothe the minds of racist 1950's america. ""Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon"" viewers can choose between english subtitling or english dubbing. Godzilla fans get neither. DVD extras are a nice, but what's the point when they don't include the movie in the first place?",
60486,__label__1,"It didn't work.: The disc wasn't scratched or obviously damaged, but it started skipping about halfway through the movie on several DVD players, including a PC DVD drive. My guess is that the factory pressed a few bad discs and I got one of them. Amazon gave me a full refund so I'm not too disappointed.",
60487,__label__2,"Raymond Burr?: The only version of this film that I have see is with Raymond Burr. Going by the title, this may be the original Japanese version without Burr.Quote from Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide: ""Originally released in Japan in 1954 as GOJIRA (a far superior film), at 98m; over 20m. were eliminated and inserts with Burr were added.""Going by the title on the cover and the 98mins in the discription, this is more than likely the first release without Burr, that I have never seen. I hope this is the original Japanese version.",
60488,__label__1,"Terrible picture quality: Yes the movie is a classic, but there is no restoration, so the picture quality is appalling. I have movies from the 1920's and 30's that look better. Avoid this Blu-ray.",
60489,__label__1,Gojira [Blu-ray] (1954): Don't waste your money on this terrible 1080i transfer. The only version of this title worth owning is the BFI UK Import DVD which sports a far better transfer of Gojira (with English subs). It's a R2 PAL DVD but one of the few DVD's that actually looks better than its Blu-Ray counterpart.,
60490,__label__1,"It's been 50 Years - Retire the Round-Eye Version!: I won't claim this is a movie review - everything said previously about the glorious original Japanese version (which I have as a VHS dub from laser disc) is true.For the 50th anniversary of ""Gojira,"" and with the original film making the rounds of specialty theaters in a new 35mm print described as ""beautiful,"" it's time to retire the ""Steve Martin"" farce of the Raymond Burr version once and for all. Then maybe we can concentrate on the REPEAT Steve Martin farce from ""Gojira 1985,"" a film which I must say is every bit forgettable except as it elements from it have recurred at Toho Studio's occasional whim.",
60491,__label__2,"GREAT!: Here's the original Godzilla in a nutshell:Good acting(escpecially by Raymond Burr,who had to look at the movie and react to it in the US scenes filmed two years after the Japanese film was released),great special effects(for the time),hauntingly good music,the only scary and suspensful Godzilla movie,a great plot,and good directing.If you're a kid and you don't watch because it's black and white,you're missing out on a great Godzilla film.Not being in color makes it even more scarry(the first time you see it).",
60492,__label__1,"DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION!: If you are looking for the 2004 restored and re-released version of the ORIGINAL Japanese version (with the original 98 minutes of footage restored and without the lousy American version Ramond Burr scenes) then you DON'T want this DVD.The original Japanese version of this movie was a much different, and much better, version of the story. The Americanized version destroys the sublety of the film and reduces it to a giant guy in a rubber suit crush-crumble-chomp fest.Everyone has seen this version of the movie dozens of times on late night TV. Avoid this purchase and you'll be much happier.",
60493,__label__2,Godzilla Is Still A Classic: When I was my nephews age I enjoyed Godzilla very much. Now that I am much older and this movie is much older too (at least 30 years ago) I was very very surprised that my nephew gave this movie 4 STARS when I asked him how many he would give it. When a movie like Godzilla can still touch my nephew soul just as the way it touched my soul as well as my brothers soul when we were his age this is truly how to define a movie a CLASSIC :),
60494,__label__2,"Godzilla - King of the Monsters: Allthough the American version of ""Gojira"" is not quite as good as the original Japanese version, give Raymond Burr credit for doing a pretty job of not only his narration during the course of the film, but for his portrayal of United World News reporter Steve Martin as well. Sure, people may think that the American version of this film is not quite as good, but I think the American version does alright.Nonetheless, the special effects for this film are very good and after seeing this film for the first time, it scared me out of my socks. I also became a huge Godzilla fan because of this movie. ""Godzilla, King of the Monsters,"" as it is known in the USA, or ""Gojira,"" as Japanese fans know this movie, are both good. Purchase the Japanese and American versions of this cult classic and judge them for yourself.",
60495,__label__1,"Ramond Burr is a Party Pooper for Godzilla: This American version of Gojira stinks. The quality is horrible, the audio is horrible and the only special feature is a corney and home-made trailer for the now out-of-date Godzilla: Destroy all Monsters. Ramond Burr ruins the whole movie and who the heck would go on a trip to Egypt from The East coast and stop in Tokyo? You go ove rthe Atlantic Ocean duh! Unfortunetly, as for the time being this is the only DVD of the black and white classic you can get. Simitar had the rights to it but Simitar's now out of business and the DVD costs a heck of a lot more because of supply and demand. I'd wait for the Ratio Pictures DVD release of the original Gojira if they ever do release it.",
60496,__label__1,"Good movie but..........: If you pick this up expecting blu-ray quality like I did, save your money. Whoever transfered this to blu-ray did so without ""cleaning up"" the film's imperfections first. It's full of scratches. I had the standard DVD release of this and was disappointed when i put on the blu-ray version and saw all the flaws still in it. They didn't even have the courtesy of English-dubbing it. If you don't understand Japanese, sitting through 2 hours hearing all the screaming in a language unknown, it grates on your last nerve. Why couldn't they English-dub it like Criterion did to Salo? In a nutshell, I think the manufacturers of this blu-ray release are in it purely for the money. The bonus features are pretty decent, including the making of the Godzilla suit, which was interesting but other than that, I'd say don't waste your money. You can get the standard dvd of this at a fraction of the cost with the same quality.",
60497,__label__2,finally released after 14 years: Criterion first announced Godzilla on Laserdisc back around 1998. That release never happened and took on somewhat legendary status. But now around 14 years later we finally have Godzilla done to the standards of Criterion. The picture is fine but not perfect. Its difficult to know the reasons for that given we dont know what the state of the materials were that they started with. But its still hands down better than any other previous release.The extras are up to the usual standard as well. The paper booklet was very terse and not all that great. But there was some useful details about certain films contemporary to Godzilla dealing with nuclear weapons in Japan. I liked the design of the packaging and the use of color.This is hardly a great work of art as a film. But its historically interesting in many respects.I just hope we don't have to wait another 14 years for the other five Godzilla films Criterion promised in 1998.,
60498,__label__1,"Blu-ray version is missing Raymond Burr: Blu-ray version is missing Raymond Burr!!I have seen both the American and Japanese versions of Godzilla. The Blu-ray version is missing Raymond Burr. I prefer the American version of this movie with Raymond Burr, I understand that others prefer the Japanese version.Postpone your purchase until both versions of the movie are included.",
60499,__label__2,"One notice on playback with vlc: I usually use vlc on my mac to play a Blu-ray movie after converting contents. However vlc told me that the program does not have an appropriate codec for a s24l (monaural PCM). The product does not have any responsibility for this, but there might be a problem when you attempt to play the movie with vlc. So, I use ""mplayer osx extended"" to play the movie, while mplayer has less control than vlc.QualityThe monaural sound is the best, much clearer than the other sources. Focus and contrast are better than the definitive blu-ray edition from Toho (even though Criterion's source was suspected one-generation lower). ""Silky rain"" scratches remain ""much"" more than the Toho edition but do not hinder enjoying the movie. You do not have to envy rich Japanese Godzilla fans who can easily buy a Toho edition.",
60500,__label__2,"Godzilla 1956 is still a top movie: I love this movie its so awesome.My favorite scene is when the people on the mountain see Godzilla growl then they sh t themselves and run 'sick'.This isn't the original Japanese version but its still a must see.I do recommend you finding the original japanese version over this but good luck finding it.If you find the Japanese version see that instead,if not see this 'GODZIILA 1956 STILL RULES'",
60501,__label__2,"See the Legend from the Beginning: There's nothing like seeing one of the most classic monster movies right from the start. I still can't get over Raymond Burr's portrayel of Steve Martin. The scene where he persuades a doctor's daughter to help destroy Godzilla is simply impressive. I wouldn't mind the captions for the Japanese being in English considering I can't read Japanese characters. But then nobody's perfect.I recommend this movie to any Godzilla fans or to anybody who just collects monster movies like ""The Blob"", ""War of the Gargantuas"", and ""Reptilicus"".",
60502,__label__1,"Blu-Ray not as advertised: Amazon's description for the Blu-ray edition states, ""Also included is Godzilla, King of the Monsters (1956), the popular 'Americanized' version starring Raymond Burr..."" This is false. The Blu-Ray version does NOT include the Americanized cut. Amazon appears to have lifted this wording from the 2-disc standard DVD set, ""Gojira / Godzilla Deluxe Collector's Edition."" And considering this Blu-ray's poor image quality (described in other reviews), that standard DVD set is clearly a better choice at half the price.",
60503,__label__1,"This is the WRONG Godzilla: I recently saw the ORIGINAL Godzilla released in 1954, which was directed by I. Honda. The AMERICAN version has""cut out"" critical footage to make the film ""lacking in writing and direction"" by Terry Morse. This version is a rock solid lack of truth, because of the failure of Hollywood to ""leave it alone"".All reading this review should see the original and not purchase the 1956 version which has been ""cut to ribbons""The film because of Hollywood is a disaster, and should be avoided at all costs",
60504,__label__2,"Criterion is best, but...: ...this rating is for the Classic Media release. If you're a minutia grognard, like me, this is worth picking up for the commentaries. You can buy this cheap on its own or (I found out too late) you can get the same disks in Classic Media's Godzilla collection, also cheap, but with several more movies and commentaries.If you want the best complete print, go Criterion. But CM is worth it for the extras. And did I mention, cheap?",
60505,__label__2,"Way better than the Tristar piece of *&$#: This one really takes you back to the classic, golden age of Godzilla. IT's got good effects for its time period, the acting is great, and the dark gritty atmosphere plus a bit of gore help it stand among the few Godzilla movies that have ever scared me. If you ever see the Tristar movie, pop this in the VCR and forget Devlin.",
60506,__label__1,"I Grew Up With Godzilla: I watched Godzilla when I was just a kid and I've been watching it ever since. I guess you could say it's my ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"". The acting isn't great by any stretch of the imagination, but there's just something about it that I love! It's entertaining in its own way. I've never been priveleged to see the original movie that this one was based on. I'd love to sometime, but for now, as bad as the movie purists say this is, I love my Godzilla!!",
60507,__label__1,"ok: This is ok but, I have three reasons why it got two stars. 1. should not of put Burr in it 2. 20 minutes cut out ( or something like that) 3.Classic scenes are cut out",
60508,__label__1,poor effort: i have read that TOHO has just remastered (sept 2009) this in 4K HD 1080p and it is pristine-it is also pillarboxed-so you see more than the DVD $65 at YESASIAall region no subs-but we all know the story by heart dont we?,
60509,__label__1,The Other Godzilla: This movie is alright. But I saw the original 98 minute versionwith sub-titles. That was better. Does anyone know if its available anywhere. Last version was dubbed.,
60510,__label__2,"Where's the American version?: Although I do prefer the original Japanese version,this blu-ray disc doesn't have both versions of the movie. Am I missing something?",
60511,__label__2,Social Comment on WWII: Godzilla is a anti war film. To appreciate it fully you have to watch the Japan version without any Hollywood actors and in the original language. No Raymond Burr etc. This version is almost impossible to find. I saw it in NY at the Film Forum about 3 years ago. It speaks about the aftermath of the bombings on Nagasaki and Hiroshima.,
60512,__label__1,"What a piece of crap.: The ultimate Godzilla is the original, Japanese version (Gojira/Godzilla) in Japanese with English subtitles. After seeing it in it's original form, I would never again want to see the staging done with Raymond Burr. Come on! It's less a story about the Terrible Lizard that attacks Japan and more a story of the terrible actor who is looking for another vehicle. It may have hooked American audiences in it's day and you may want a copy for your collection, but upping the price and calling it the ""Criterion Collection."" Surely you have something else you want to buy.",
60513,__label__1,"Not a ""Catch"": I am not an actual belly dancer, but I have been doing it since i was very young. I saw the price and i thought it was a good deal, when i got the thing home and tied it on, to show the rest of my family, my mom asked me were those beads rolling across the floor part of my scarf. The scarf says it is 60' long. but if you have forty inch or more hips like me, it wont work for you.",
60514,__label__2,"ok for practice scarf.: This scarf is ok for practice scarf. The one I rec'd was slightly shorter than advertised so if your looking for a longer scarf, these are probably not the best choice. But the color was nice, and so far the coins have held up under the stress of dance practice.Good purchase for an ""economy price"".",
60515,__label__2,"Hungry Hip Scarves, Economy: I had to look closely to find the flaws in the scarves that I ordered. The price is excellent and the service is prompt! I will not hesitate to order from this company again.",
60516,__label__2,Belley Dance Scarf: Prettier than I thought it would be from picture.Haven't used it yet. I bought the Belly Dance for Beginners DVDand will wear it then.,
60517,__label__2,"good for beginners: In general, a pretty good product. I didn't lose any beads the first time I danced with it and I liked the choices of colors. It does look inexpensive and the beads don't add a lot of weight (which can be helpful with dancing). It's a great option for beginners who aren't ready to commit to more expensives scarves.",
60518,__label__2,"smart buy: These are great for beginners. Yes, they are irregular and some make more noise than others, but for beginners and for practicing they are great. It is a good purchase for the price. If you do not mind the irregularities, you will be happy with these scarves!",
60519,__label__2,"Best hipscarf for money!: Obviously for $10 it's not a performance scarf, but it is exceptional quality. I've already worn it about 5 times, and no coins are falling off, no thread is ripping, and it is very durable. Very good buy (I've bought more than one).",
60520,__label__2,Hip scraves: Nice pc for the money. Note if your over a size 16 this will not work for you. Its cool for the money good to practice in.,
60521,__label__1,"Insufficient and lacking...: I thought this book would be current on hardware, but the coverage of many important parts like 100mhz motherboards, the AMDK62, AGP, and DVD were inadequate. Instructions were skimpy and the lack of figures and graphics left me guessing alot. The author supplies very little background material for any part of the PC. I guess he thinks you are supposed to know it already. This book is not for the beginner and I am sure the experts don't need it. I'm looking for a better book.",
60522,__label__1,"Don't Waste Your Money . . .: Very, very disappointing book. The projects are not creative or original. In fact, they look sloppy. Everything looks thrown together, as if they are craft projects in the first stage. No artistic touches of any kind. A tacky looking Papier-Mache window box; some spray painted rocks throw in a planter; shells, buttons and cutouts glued on various things. The only interesting project was a tear shape planter and a soccer ball used for a planter. Neither were original ideas!!",
60523,__label__2,"This is a Great find!: I never write reviews, so this is a treat for everyone :-)I stumbled on this band by luck and read about their first performance in New York City. This is really a rare find for anyone who is interested in English/Arabic RAP that delivers a message about the Palestinian people and other oppressed groups and some US internal political issues. Awesome lyrics and powerful words! This is a must have CD. It will truly move your soul. Enjoy and check the DAM group as well.",
60524,__label__1,"Only good for unintentional comedy: Horrendous. That pretty much covers it.I made the mistake of seeing this set in a store, and it seemed like a good price for three CDs of music. Turns out, 'music' is somewhat overstating the case. This is pretty much useless unless you want to get surrounding people really mad at you (and, I have found, it is quite useful at that).The first track had no lyrics. I thought ""Boy, this should really have lyrics"". During the second track, I rescinded that thought.... I can't even say how bad this is. I'm trying, and failing. Oh well.",
60525,__label__2,"An undiscovered gem - read this book 20 years ago and still remember it: I read this book about 20 years ago and it made such an impression that I have never forgotten it. I am getting two copies this time - one for me to keep and one to share with my nephew who is 15. This is a fabulous book for both adults and children. It is a story about a horse who was pretty homely looking, with none of the pedigree looks that breeders say make a great horse. He wasn't even given the benefit of great training. But he had such a great heart that he became a phenomenal race horse when he was well past the age that he should have even been able to race, even after he had been put to heavy work as a utility animal. He didn't know that he shouldn't be able to race like a champion especially with all the strikes against him! I highly recommend this TRUE story to adults as well as children.",
60526,__label__2,"another race horse 'hero': Before Seabiscuit and the other Kentucky Derby wonders of recent years, there was ""Old Bones"", actually named Exterminator. Bought for other race horses to practise with, a few people realize his potential and he wins the Kentucky Derby.",
60527,__label__1,"Too bad I can't rate a book -100 stars.: Every topic it discusses, C++, CORBA, design patterns, frameworks etc. is discussed in a superficial manner.A person who has any knowledge of the topics will find that they learn nothing new reading this book. A person who has no experience in any of the topics will not learn enough to do anything usefull.Frankly, this book falls into the category that all too many new technical books falls into. One gets the feeling that the reader is suposed to take notes using a crayola.",
60528,__label__2,"An excellent book on Frameworks/C++: An excellent book on Frameworks and C++. Although some reviewers have written quite scathing reviews, I find the topics the book coveres are really good and useful. The sidebars are quite good and informative. However, this book is not for those people who are used to read ""blue-sky"" Java books. I recommended this book for strong C++ people.",
60529,__label__1,"Not enough detail: I am thoroughly dissappointed with this book. I purchased it because I am in the middle of a project that requires the use of CORBA. I am now purchasing another book, since this one did not cover the topic in enough depth to make me comfortable with the technology.I would consider the book an overview of framework development. It attempts to cover enough material to allow C programmers to transition to C++ OOP. It wastes a lot of time rehashing the same points repeatedly, which gets real tiring after the 10th time you've read the same point. Since it tries to cover so much material, it fails to obtain the necessary depth in any of them. It teaches just enough to whet your appetite for a better book.Finally, the title is misleading. It is not an advanced book, since it only covers the basics of C++, OOP, UML and CORBA.",
60530,__label__2,A book for a computer science major - not a cook book.: Deals with concepts of OOP and introduces the OO framework and then object model for CORBA. It is deals more with the concepts behind the code rather than give you code samples to cut and paste. Many of the programming concepts are intuitive if you know where you are and where you want to go. This book gives you an idea about the starting point and the final destination in OOP and couple of known paths to get there.,
60531,__label__2,"excellent quick coverage of CORBA and C++ techniques: This book does a remarkable job of covering the CORBA and C++ technique from an OO perspective. The examples chosen are well thought of and moderately complex, giving a taste of good C++ practice as well. It assumes familiarity with C++, thus saving time and space on teaching from scratch.",
60532,__label__2,Excellent book by a practising CORBA expert: A very well written and practical book. The examples in the book are very good which help in making the understanding of the subject very easy.,
60533,__label__2,"Excellent History Source for the Classroom teacher: It is a tough subject to discuss in class, but this book is a very helpful. Our curriculum doesn't allow us to spend alot of time on this time period, so reading excerpts from this book and showing some illustration really adds to my lesson.",
60534,__label__2,Informative and helpful: I'm new to PeopleSoftI'm writing an interface to the PeopleSoft tointerface with our system.This book is the best I have found so far.,
60535,__label__1,"Not really an administrator's guide: This book only provides an overview of the product, and should be not used as an administration guide.It contains a good coverage of topics, although the level of detail is inconsistent. For example, the author spends 4 pages explaining how to create an FTP script; whereas more relevant topics are barely touched on.Another dislike I have is that the material and the examples cover a Sybase implementation. Most PeopleSoft implementations are on Oracle.",
60536,__label__1,"No depth: I bought this book, opened it once, and put it back on the shelf. It provides so little depth and detail that it is almost useless. For a brand new technical person I'm not sure this book would be valuable, but it does provide a high level oversight of the workings of the system and would be useful for a Project Manager new to the PeopleSoft area.",
60537,__label__1,"PeopleSoft Consultant for 2 years: This book covers numerous topics, but did not go into depth on each. It definitely serves well as a check list of deliverables and guidelines for a successful implementation.",
60538,__label__1,"A good start but......: A good book to have in your PeopleSoft library. It does give someone with a (very)good understanding of Database Administration a heads up about ""PeopleSoft"" and how to implement and plan integration with (different) Hardware Platforms.As a seasoned DBA, I found the book lacking in depth and concentration on configuration and performance issues.A good start but more is needed.",
60539,__label__2,"I loved it!: It was a bit young and simple, but I still loved this book. It had a familiar plot that was made original, though I did think that it had a rather abrubt ending. Things didn't really speed up until the last 50 or so pages, though the long beginning wasn't boring. It was surprisingly a lot different from Firebringer and the Sight, which had similar plots. Rhodri, after finding the Telling Pool, needs to find the sword Excaliber to free his father's heart. It takes place after King Arthur's age, where he is only a story. All in all, it was pretty good, if rather rushed.",
60540,__label__1,"Christian families beware: This is my first Clement-Davies book and as a grandmother and fantasy book lover, I read books for enjoyment and to be able to ""connect"" with my grandchildren through books. I thought the writing to be interesting but not a page-turner; goes a bit slowly. I will not share this book with my grandchildren. As most fantasy books, there is magic and wizardry, but this one specifically targets Jesus and Christianity and I cannot recommend for Christian families with children. As a whole book, it is not even entertaining enough to recommend period. I will read one of this other books for a fair comparison of his writing skills.",
60541,__label__1,"INCORRECT DIAGRAMS & NO SCRIPTS ON WEB SITE: THIS IS BAD NEWS!!!! LOTS OF INFO LEFT OUT, PICS IN BOOK DO NOT CORRESPOND TO SCREENS OF VWD, BOOK SAYS DATABASE SCRIPTS ON WEB SITE, BUT NOT THERE. APRESS IS STARTING TO LOOK LIKE ""WROX"" AND THAT AIN'T GOOD!!!!!",
60542,__label__1,reader from texas: The book would ahve been good except before you even get into the material very good there are problems with wrong answers or very confusing explantions. If this much is wrong at the beginning what about later in the book when you get into the stuff you don't know.,
60543,__label__1,"Rub My Tum Tum: This movie made me sick to my Tum Tum. In fact, after I watched it, I felt like taking a Colt revolver and blowing my brains out. My life will definitely be Rocky after watching this horrible flick.",
60544,__label__1,"Beware!...this movie stinks!: This movie was a big disapointment i grew up on the three ninjas movies and this one stunk,i mean they slap in three noname kids to play the parts,and a few washed up actors and call it ''an exelent follow up.'' I wanted to throw colt off of that lookout tower they were on,to bad his nostrils would've worked as parachutes,and his mullet would have cuoght hold of something,and tum tum was a little shrimp,and rocky,they expect us to believe he had a girlfriend? this movie sucked!",
60545,__label__1,"DO NOT WATCH: DO NOT WATCH IT. it is a complete waste of time. the shots are off (you can see the people in the background and it's obvious that the film is being sped up). if you want to watch a good 3 ninjas movie, stick with the first 3. i do this to warn you.",
60546,__label__1,"They HAD to be High when they made this: dig this, yo brethrin, hold your hand limp, facing your left. then pound your chest like that saying repeatedly ""I am Wee tod edd"" then have someone watch you.",
60547,__label__1,"3 ninjas HIGH at Mega Mountain: They had to be HIGH when they made this movie. HOLY CRAP. Hogan's hair is fake just like his acting. Grandpa went from a wise old man to a stupid old bat. The kids want to leave him at the first part of the movie, but it's never menchened again. At the end it has no menchen of the previous elements in the movie. Grandpa is probobly the best actor of all of the caracters though. Tum Tum and Colt are the worst. I wish that they made a game so that I could repeatedly kill Colt. This isn't a real 3 ninja's movie anyway. It's practically all about Dave Dragon and his gay power rangers. If you want a real 3 ninjas go with Kick Back or the other 2.P.S. Colt has the gayest lisp ever. He really doth",
60548,__label__1,"it [stunk]: this movie is not worth it . buy part 1,2,3. don't waste your money on this piece of trash.",
60549,__label__2,"Kaci Dvd: I really like Kaci, so when I heard that i a new CD/DVD was coming out I was very excited. I got it very fast and I had mixed feelings about it. I loved the new Paradise Remix, the new pics (they are amazing), and I like that it comes with her first 3 videos. The only thing i didnt like is that due to regional problems with the dvd, i couldn't play it and to pay 30 some dollars for this, is a little much. so you be the judge, I think a hardcore Kaci fan will love this.",
60550,__label__2,"Great DVD, highly recommended: Being the Jump5 fanatic that I am, I just HAD to get the All the Time in the World DVD, and I've watched it about seven hundred times. There's a video for ""All I Can Do"" on the DVD, a live performance of ""Start Jumpin',"" behind the scenes of the new mucis video for ""Beauty and the Beast,"" and lastly (and the best part), interviews with each kid in their bedrooms.The two videos are really cool, and I had never seen them before, but the interviews are definately the best part. You kind of get to see who's who...what each personality is like. I also loved the behind the scenes bit, because it was pretty neat to see what they did to make the video.I highly recommend this to any fan, or possibly nonfan - to get them into Jump5.Overall grade - A+",
60551,__label__2,"Great DVD: This DVD is great. It makes a great birthday gift, or in my case, Christmas Gift. It includes a live performance of ""Start Jumpin'"" from the ""Go for It,"" TV Show. It also has the music video for ""All I Can Do."" The music video is great, and I have never seen it any where else so it's pretty cool that they have included it in this package!The best part of this DVD, however, is the Interviews and Tours of their Bedrooms. The kids sit down in their bedrooms and talk about themselves.Although this DVD is only about 21 minutes, I suggest it for any Jump-5 fan. If you aren't too huge on the band, I suggest you skip on this DVD. Try getting their CD, ""All the Time in the World,"" instead.",
60552,__label__1,"Paging Doctor Caligari!: (...) Thankfully, Braun's insane belief in a widespread Satanic conspiracy has been debunked, and his license to [practice] medicine have been revoked. (...)",
60553,__label__1,"Pitch Black - Woe is Me: I will never learn. I go willy-nilly through trying to pick music that I might like; I get caught up in all the adjectives used to describe this music, and then I get the CD.In my opinion, Black Party 2002 can be summed up in ONE word: TIRED. No song moved me; in fact, I thought they all were just a cut above so-so.Disappointed again.",
60554,__label__1,Fantastic Drum For Great Price: I was looking for an authentic Buffalo Drum for my Kindermusik class.I was so happy to find this drum and I love that you have different sizes for different ages... the sound is fantastic.My students love to use it and I am considering at this price purchasing a few more..Thank you for your fair prices on quality instruments.Mana From the Muse,
60555,__label__2,"Nice sound & quality for price: This buffalo drum has a very nice, deep sound to it. Nicely made as well. I am very happy with it - great bargain - price is very reasonable for what you actually get!!",
60556,__label__2,BEARS SHIRT: THIS SHIRT IS AWESOME!! I GET MORE COMPLIMENTS EVEN FROM NON BEAR FANS. THIS TYPE OF SHIRT IS NOT COMMON. I LIVE IT. WISH I COULD FIND 1 IN DOLPHINS!!,
60557,__label__2,"May I introduce you to Old Man Winter?: Who ever thought there really WAS an old man, Winter? This story certainly makes one a believer after meeting Winter, an old man who also happens to be very grumpy. His morning goes from bad to worse as he wakes up in a bad mood, misplaces his hat, misses breakfast, and struggles with the eternal question, ""Why do I always have to go to work?"". His day is ""saved"", however, when he crashes to the ground into the world of a little girl who thinks of him as very improtant. She even defends him from her teasing playmates and makes Winter feel special again. With friends like this one, one can hardly stay grumpy for long- not even Winter! The pictures are absolutely hilarious. From the cowboy-like Winter, sporting a handlebar mustache and a ten-gallon hat, to his snow-creating dump truck, one cannto help but smile. The splashes of color and white, done in pastels, pencils, and watercolors, make the reader feel like he or she has run right",nto Old
60558,__label__2,"Old Man Winter wants to know who he makes the snow for...: Up here in Northern Minnesota we always knew Old Man Winter had it out for us big time, but we never really knew why. Stephen Gammell provides an interesting explanation in his book ""Is That You, Winter?"" We discover that Old Man Winter is an ornery old cuss, who releases his icy blasts from the back of his truck. But Old Man Winter has a question: ""Who do I make it snow for?"" The answer is to be found in this book and you will not be surprised to learn it is an answer that makes even Old Man Winter happy.How much you like this illustrated children's book is probably going to depend on how much you like Gammell's artwork, which strikes me and my limited knowledge of art as something of an impressionistic cartoon. Certainly the work is stylized and I would be willing to bet that children are going to find it more acceptable that some adults. I sort of like the way he depicts the snowstorm and you have to admit it is",retty d
60559,__label__2,"Stankowicz on piano: This moody and slow cd of the trumpetplayer Tomasz Stanko is pretty good. Just not good enough for 5 stars, but that doesn't mean you should leave it be.The album has the same atmosphere as (other) ECM piano-albums: melodic and free at the same time, with a lot of slow music on it. The music is subtle and very easy to listen to, but the occasional free-jazz elements restrain it from getting boring.The bass and drum are often used in a percussion-like way, and not in a rhythmic way, just like other ECM-material.Marcin Wasilewski pianoplaying is so present (and good) that I think it's almost more a piano-album than a trumpet-album. And that really is a compliment for Stanko, who leaves room enough for his band to play. Stanko's playing is moody and most of the time very accessible.There's just one thing. When you own more work of the ECM label you can get bored with the same approach over and over again. It that way this album has nothing new to offer, bu",it's s
60560,__label__2,"Yet Another Customer Who Thinks This Is The Best: ""The World is founded on a pillar, which is founded on the Deep"".The Deep is my favourite book. Is has a strange, ethereal quality and a satisfying completeness that matches the encapsulation of the world described. I've read it at least 5 times, probably 10, limited only by having to leave a gap of a year or two between re-readings to forget the details. Fortunately I have a poor memory.Engine Summer is also excellent, though pipped by The Deep.Beasts I've read only once, many years ago, but remember it fondly.If you've been put off Crowley by the unfortunate Little, Big then please try this instead.",
60561,__label__2,"this is in fact the best sci-fi novel ever!: Engine Summer is beyond great:this book has it ALL, great writing, wonderful plot and absolutely poignant and mind blowing ideas. This is one that should never go out of print and should be required reading for as many people as possible.",
60562,__label__2,"Brilliance from the Sahel: This is simply a great album, picking up where Denke-Denke left off, adding the occasional godje (violin) and in places a slightly more bluesy feel. Yacouba Moumouni, and his musical arranger and guitarist Abdoulaye Alhassane have an incredible vision for their group. The music has both the river-in-the-desert feel of Malian blues (listen to the desert in the rasp of the flute and voice, and the river in the accompaying molo and komsa lutes) and the swing of Wassoulou singers like Oumou Sangare. It's Niger's greatest musical export, and it's irresistable.",
60563,__label__1,"don't buy this cd: I ordered this cd with another one from the same artist.This one was used and the other one was supposed to be brand new but the cds were terrible,they appeared to be scratched and they keep skeeping when i try to play them.I wouldn't recommend them",
60564,__label__1,"Outdated Material: This book is very unreliable and possibly offers some disastrous information for a first time Grey owner that does not know any better...the material is very outdated. With all the new information that is available today, this book suggest things that we know now to be harmful--such as clipping only one wing, keeping a bird out in winter, etc...in it's time (1979), this book might have been imformative, as not much was known about Greys then, but is no longer of any use. I was very disappointed. For a more up to date book, with excellent and up to date information, I suggest ""Guide to a Well-Bahaved Parrot"" by Mattie Sue Athan.",
60565,__label__1,DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK!: Pease do not buy this book! My avian veterinarian advises that any book published prior to 1995 is so full of inaccuracies that you could actually damage your parrot following suggestions from the old book. DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK! Ask your avian veterinarian to reccommend helpful books to read about parrots!,
60566,__label__1,"Out of Date and Dangerous: This book contains information that is know to be wrong today. I would never recommend this book to a new parrot owner or anyone else. There are much more informative and accurate books and periodicals on the market. I was extremely disappointed as I thought it would teach me how to teach my parrot to do tricks, etc., but instead it teaches you about ""taming"" your wild-caught parrot.",
60567,__label__2,America Audio CD: Good product with american english voices and British articles.I prefer american articles than british because the speakers areamericans.TksRay,
60568,__label__1,"No widescreen, no stars. Don't they get it?: All I, and every other Godzilla fan, want is WIDESCREEN. Ive seen every Gzilla move made but seeing it in widescreen is like seeing it for the first time. Nice to see Rodan come out on DVD. Doesnt Sony have competent research people? This is the second box set with Terror of MechaGzilla and still no widescreen. True fans like myself, and there are many, would pay double for widescreen. And one of my all time favorites, Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla, why wont they make the DVD? Wake up people. Give us what we want. We will pay. TY",
60569,__label__2,"Great Value: With The exception of Godzilla's Revenge (which is probably the worst Godzilla movie ever!) I couldn't have asked for a better set, especially considering the price. 4 of the 5 are solid films, and did I mention the price!?!",
60570,__label__1,"Far worse than I could ever have imagined.: This box set is a complete waste. These versions are the reason giant monster movies get a bum rap. These are the same old tired versions that aired on tv. Anyone who has any of these movies on video, should just keep your videos and forget about it. All the companies out there who plan on making a fast buck with poor versions of movies, keep your crappy DVDs we don't want them. It is about time that we get some quality versions of the older monster movies. In Japan you can get every film uncut and in widscreen; why can't we be treated the same, isn't are money just as good. We are fans who love these films and want to enjoy the very best version that we can. In the future please think of the many fans out there. We will probably be the ones that buy 99% of the movies and we know when we get cheated.",
60571,__label__2,"It's Godzilla!: I've been waiting, waiting, and waiting some more of a Godzilla Boxed set to come out. Finally, it's here, and I must say that I am pretty derned happy with it. The Box is gorgious, the DVD pictures are gorgrous, and the movies are great. Despit Revenge of Godzilla, which is a pretty much 'crap' film the flicks are great. I love the original, and dig Terror of Mechagodzilla. I do have a few things I would've wished made it into the DVD set. I wanted widescreen, and I wanted better extras. Sure, the Destroy all Monsters Melee preview is good, but what about theatrical trailers? I would've been happy with just that. The animated menus are good, though look like Kung Pow's. Overall, this is a solid box set.",
60572,__label__2,Great!: These dvds are the classic movies when I was a little girl. I was so excited to see them. I hoping for more special features like extra footage or behind the scenes documentaries but otherwise the movies are great.,
60573,__label__2,"not bad: I have to admit the King of the Monsters. The original black and white film was the most content full movie. The rest are geared towards children. I guess that's ok because most of us watch Godzilla to bring back the past. As so with other shows like Dracula, Frankenstein, Creature from the Black Lagoon, or even Johnny Quest. Anyway, these Godzilla films should be passed on. The favourite in my book is the Terror of Mecha Godzilla. I've seen the recent release of Godzilla vs. Mecha Godzilla and I don't like the name Kiryu or Mecha G as they call it. The original just has a better body suit Mecha Godzilla.The only thing about this box set is that it is in Pal format and I wish they had the wide screen. I guess we'll have to wait until Sony and Toho Ltd. re-release all 24 movies.By the way I can't wait til Godzilla Final Wars comes out here in the United States. The final Godzilla movie is worth taking your children to watch I guess.",
60574,__label__1,"Disappointing: The music is fun and purely Mann, but the transfer to CD is obviously direct from a record on a turntable and with all the inherent noise. You will be disappointed with the sound quality sad to say.",
60575,__label__2,"Just one beef with this CD: It's a direct transfer from vinyl to CD, all the scratching noises can be heard. The record company should try to do a digital re-master so that all the glory of this group can be shown in a better light.This being said, I do love the songs on this CD and I personally like Johnny Mann Singers better than Ray Conniff Singers.",
60576,__label__2,"Bored my to tears, but helped and I passed: Nothing could prepare me for the torture of boredom that is this audio review. But it helped. When you're preparing for an exam, it's always good to use multiple methods. Also, this product really highlighted the nature of the A+ exam.",
60577,__label__2,Network+ Certified: This audio review is very good. It will not give you completely what you need to pass the Network + certification. The Exam Cram Network + Book and other simulated testing will give you what you need to pass.,
60578,__label__2,"Interesting: There's considerable material here on his personal life, social skills, and relations with Eva and others. You won't find this material in standard history books. My one regret is that the author, a secretary to Hitler, probably couldn't really reveal her feelings about her boss considering the outcome of that war. Hitler had four main secretaries - two of them declined to write or discuss Hitler out of admiration and respect after his death, and the fourth did write a book I haven't read.",
60579,__label__2,"Great Read!: Very Interesting Book. While Hitler was a villain, history seems to avoid telling the ""in-depth"" story, preferring to cater to the general view of the masses. In this book, we see a more human side of Hitler as the ""boss"" of his secretarial staff. We see a young woman (Traudle Junge) who can only see Hitler as a caring, fatherly figure (during the war) as opposed to the deranged Dictator that we have come to know through written History. This book takes us into the day to day lives of Hitler's staff during the final days of the Reich. If you are a WWII History buff, this book is a must read. This book will certainly enhance your understanding of the complex character that we have come to know as ""Der Fuhrer.""",
60580,__label__2,"Best Layout Pouch: I use 4 or 5 different belts in the course of a job and this one hangs on 2 of them. It keeps the square handy and doesn't get in the way of other tools in the many pouches on my belts. Now, if they only offered it in a left-handed version...",
60581,__label__2,"I saw Signs, so I checked this out and liked it: I saw the Mel Gibson movie, Signs, and then noticed this DVD afterwards, so I bought it to find out more about the crop circle phenomenon shown in the movie. The DVD has a long documentary-interview between two crop circle experts and researchers, who appear to be friends and supporters of each other. They make a good team as they talk over various photos and films. Nothing fancy, but it felt like a great evening spent in the presence of interesting people, who know a lot about this fascinating topic. The photos and other data files are amazing, if you are interested in the phenomenon - they really make you stop and wonder why we don't hear more about this in the news. No Hollywood editing and razzmatazz, though - just a serious, well-presented film with a lot of research materials so you can make up your own mind.",
60582,__label__1,"A buddy film - a disappointing DVD.: I was seeking an objective documentary about crop circles. This is not it. This is a buddy-film.Peter Robbins, noted UFO researcher and author interviews Colin Andrews, noted crop circle researcher and author about conspiracies and cover-ups and personal mistakes made. Chatty interview, not very informative. The only real value in the DVD is the photo gallery located in the ""extras"" section.",
60583,__label__1,"A buddy video - disappointing: I have been seeking an objective documentary about the history of crop circles. This is a buddy video. Peter Robbins is a UFO author/researcher interviewing Colin Andrews on his experiences with crop circles. Lots of talk of cover-ups, conspiracies, mistakes made and the CIA. Not much worthwhile information in the DVD. Disappointing.In the ""extras"" section there are some interesting photos.This DVD is worth about $5.00",
60584,__label__1,"I want the time I spent reading this back.: General Dann doesn't understand the point of rebuilding because what they achieve will be lost and someone will have to rebuild again someday. Griot wishes Dann would act. The people still love Dann anyway. The book ends.This was the type of book that I finished because I was hoping the ending would be worth it somehow. It wasn't, and I wanted to throw the book across the room when I had finished. The best that can be said is that it embodies Dann's sense of futility in engaging in any action. And boy, does that NOT make for good reading.",
60585,__label__2,"The sequel to Mara and Dann: While not as excellent and Mara and Dann, the sequel should also be read, since it reveals the remainder of the long trek of the two.",
60586,__label__1,"Trip to nowhere: After the first novel, ""Mara and Dan,"" which was a stimulating foray into the Earth's future, this novel was a disappointment. It seems as if Lessing had a gun held to her head forcing her to write a sequel or else, when in fact she had nothing new to say about these characters or the setting.",
60587,__label__1,"This book was far too shallow.: The author obviously knows what he is talking about. However, he is quite inept at explaining to his reader what he is doing. In fact, he rarely tries. He just has sample code, helps you set up the java webserver, then has you run the code. It is more about webserver configuration than it is about servlet programming",
60588,__label__2,A Good Start: This book gives a brief introduction to servlet programming. If you are a beginner then this book is for you. If have some experience with web programming then you might want to look for another title. Buy this if you are new to Java and Servlets....,
60589,__label__1,"Poor book for Java Servlets: Moss is good in JDBC, so nearly 1/3 of the book focus on JDBC instead of java servlets, if you are really want to learn servlets, don't buy this book.As I said above, the book focus on JDBC, not servlet, so the material covered on servlet is not enough, especially for beginner, they may not even know how to get a parameter from a form.Read oreally or wrox instead, don't buy this book if you really want to learn servlet. Only buy this when you like JDBC on java servlet.",
60590,__label__1,"Don't waste your money: Sketchy coverage. I have gained very little from this book. There are much better books: Core Servlets,Hall; O'reilly Servlets, Hunter ...",
60591,__label__2,Good Book For understanding step by step Servlets Prog.: It is clearly explained what are different types of formats in which data can be submitted over Internet and also it clearly explains step by step how to setup the JRun Server for running Servlets. Some part of setting up Java Web Server is also touched.,
60592,__label__2,"Good but can be improved: This book is excellent for people who are beginners in server-side programming. For example, the author spends some time in explaining HTML form submission, and CGI POST and GET methods. These are all very elementary and really only necessary for beginners who have not even written a single CGI program in perl or C. Fortunately, the author does not waste time on quickly introducing JDBC in one chapter, to the point where he actually shows us how to do database connection pooling. A few publicly available articles on servlets miss out this important issue for thread-safe processing of a servlet (where a single servlet can actually handle multiple services at the same time due to the multiple threading nature of servlets). However, one issue that the author does not spend enough time on is maintaining session information. This is very important for writing, for example, a shopping cart servlet for E-commerce.",
60593,__label__2,"A great book to learn the ins and outs of servlets: This book not only gives you a great introduction to programming servlets (including hosting and configuration, chaining, etc.) but also delves into related topics such as HTTP tunneling and using introspection to simplify servlet programming. I especially liked the amount of JDBC/RMI information included in the book since many servlets written will want to interface to other Java servers or databases. Having written an article on servlets for BYTE, I was pleased to find this much information packed in the book. My only disappointment is that the author didn't include more on managing state with servlets (e.g. through cookies) and about the future of servlets (covering developments such as Servlet Beans, and the impact, if any, of EJB on the servlet standard). All in all, a great servlet book!",
60594,__label__2,"One of the few Essential Java Books: This is an excellent example of an experienced programmer wanting to impart everything about a subject to the public.This book provides a great introduction and explanation of the complexities of distributed java computing, but it then goes into the deepest aspects aswell.If you have to own any book about Java programming this should be in your top 3.Also included are great examples that are worked through in the book and technology to test them with the jRun tool (which includes the Servlets API) and a Web server.",
60595,__label__1,"A waste of money...: There simply isnt enough meat in this book. If you are looking for a quick overview then this will probably help. But if you are after in depth info on Servlets, you had better look elsewhere...",
60596,__label__2,"Examples actually work: I tried this book after getting thoroughly frustrated with the O'Reilly Servlet book, that seems to be getting unwarrented good reviews. I read both books, and as a Java newbie I was only able to learn somthing from the Java Masters book. The experienced Java Programmers around me found the O'Reilly book to be insightful, however they only read it they didnt try it, I tried this book and refused to move on until I could get it to work, I didnt not until I read this book and applied the code fixes from this book and everything worked as predicted.However I had one problem with this book, it guides you through the early chapters pointing out everything you need to know, however as you move into more complicated applications, explanations became short and less cohesive.Overall I thought the book was very good especially for beginners.",
60597,__label__1,"This book is completely useless: There's nothing in-depth here, no good code examples, it's crap, and it's expensixe. I don't know what I was thinking when I bought it, I should be shot! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!",
60598,__label__1,"I hate this useless book.: I truely dislike this book. I've been programming for many years, and programming in java for the past year or so. I love servlets, but i hate this book. apart from being absolutely useless, it's also very expensive. I have not found it useful to solve any real problems.a good bet for someone who wants to learn how to write servlets would be to get the Servlet Tutorial from Javasoft, and go from there.",
60599,__label__2,Excellent Java servlets book!: This is an excellent book that covers Java servlets thoroughly and in a very logically presented manner. Highly recommended.,
60600,__label__2,"Doesn't Cover JWS or WebSphere: This book covers a specific servlet engine, JRun. This is a good book but if you were expecting coverage of SUN's Java Web Server or IBM's WebSphere application server, this book doesn't cover either.",
60601,__label__1,"way too basic to be of any use: i was horribly disappointed! i should have known that a book from the ""Java Masters"" series wouldn't be of any value! i knew i should have waited for Java Servlet Programming from O'Reilly!",
60602,__label__2,Looking for learn servlets ??? Look no more: If you are looking to learn how to program java servlets this box will give you a great start. This book had very few examples.,
60603,__label__1,Not up to the mark: Could be a lot better Very few examples and most of them similar to Javasofts tutorial Not worth the money Quarter of the book is API reference Couple of chapters are just advertisements of JRun No readme provided for executing indevidual examples Book writen in haste,
60604,__label__1,Just not enough information.: Nice pictures but if only they gave more in depth explanations to go with it. This book is for managers or people just interested in java servlets than actually writing code. It is of no use for programmers. You can't use it as a reference because there just isn't enough information to go by.Get Jason Hunter's book. Its excellent!,
60605,__label__1,"THIS BOOK SUCKS!!!: Begining Servlets 101, JRUN, SUN's JVM, some JDBC, too. But where are the real servlets issues such as session tracking, cookie, security, digital certificates etc...etc.. I have not had any practical use for the book since I bought it. Everytime I turn to it for some answers I end up with nothing. So it's now a door stopper. The book SUCKs! You'd be a 1000 times better off getting Jason Hunt's book on Java Servlets Programming -- that is the best by far.",
60606,__label__1,"nice idea but not big enough: This would be PERFECT if it held paper like it shows in the photo! When papers are placed into that file folder, the edges are clipped into the side. It does NOT hold standard sized paper without damaging-which is the whole point of having a storage clipboard. Very poor design. It needs to be just a bit wider to accommodate what it claims-I returned mine. The description and stock photo are misleading and false.",
60607,__label__1,"Great ingredients, but horrible smell & taste!: My daughter HATES taking these. The ingredients are great and natural, but my daughter cannot stand taking them because of the smell and taste (even though she has to swallow them). The other thing is that your kid has to take 2 of them a day, not 1. I'd rather give my daughter 1 with everything in it and be done! Will order something different next time.",
60608,__label__2,"Saturday Morning with Sid and Marty: This video has brought back so many memories from when I was a young child. I now have a young boy who is really into pirates and it happened to be that the episodes that this video has on it has to do with pirates, so he has also really enjoyed watching with me. I ordered this for Christmas and it was delivered within an exceptional time frame. I will definately continue to order through Amazon",
60609,__label__2,A must for any fan of the kroffts: I just got this dvd in the mail. I was like a kid running to get the mail every day! It was worth it! A great introduction dvd to Sid and Marty Krofft!,
60610,__label__2,"Absolutely Amazing!!: Wow! What a blast from the past! It's nice to know so many of us grew up the very same way watching these wonderful shows on Saturday mornings. I loved all of Sid & Marty's stuff. Land of The Lost was quite a deep show for kids even back then and all the shows were very innovative for their time. Such innocence is sadly lost today so it's nice to re-live these jewels from a more gentle time. It's also nice to see how these series began their journey. I'd forgotten it's been so long. I particularly liked Lost Saucer and wish the entire series would become available on DVD sometime. The ""Argos"" episode was my favorite. Thank you Amazon and Sid & Marty for making these treasured pieces of our childhood available for us to relish in our nostalgia like it was the 70's again!!",
60611,__label__2,Childhood Memories: This brought me right ack to my childhood. My kids don't appreciate it. I bought one for myself and a friend. We once had a conversation about the old Sat morning shows. So I ave it to him for Christmas. He seemed to appreciate it but I haven't heard yet.,
60612,__label__2,"saturday morning tv shows (1970's): If you miss the live action TV shows from when we were kids, (1960's babies), then this is for you!!!",
60613,__label__1,Jake's advise = nothing but losses.: Do your research on the internet. You'll be lucky if you break even. For get making a profit. I and many others purchased this book only to be scammed. Jake makes money selling advise in the form of books and other materials. My book was not worth the paper it was printed on. Forbes even had an article on what a scam Jake's future trading is. Stay clear.,
60614,__label__1,"a lot of information: trading results for specific a entry day and exit day are given. Since there are 250 (5 times 50 weeks) trading days in a year, then there are 250 times 250 permutations. Which comes to 62,500 possible entry/exit combinations. Apply this to 20 commodities, over 10 years, and different contract months...High probabilities can be found in a random population given such huge number of combinations or 62,500 x10 x20 = 1,250,000Fortunately Jake only gives the the high probablility ones.",
60615,__label__1,"Way, way too much inside baseball stuff here to be much good.: This movie is an adaptation of a Japanese comic book. Miike has done this before quite well (e.g. Osaka tough guys and the brilliant Fudoh The Next Generation). Unfortunately, this one fails as a movie because, unless one has read the comic book (I haven't) the story is going to make little sense and the over the top stuff that makes a comic book fun makes the movies feel plastic and unreal.The movie does have a lot of stuff that will appeal to the adolescent male, the target audience, the problem is that it should leave everyone else feeling a bit cold.I turned it off about midway through, just couldn't sit through it, not worth the time. Not worth yours either, unless you are a male between the ages of nine and fifteen and/or a manga reader (about the same demographic).Love the director, hated this movie.",
60616,__label__2,"Woman's view: Let me make it clear: I don't like movies with too much violence. And I did not know much about Miike and his movies. The only reason I decided to watch this one was Oguri Shun, who plays the main character.This movie is not just about fights. It's about friendship, diplomacy, strategy, heart. What does it mean ""being a leader""? There is a very good reason Suzuran never had a single leader: there was nobody with all these qualities. It's not enough just to be strong in this school, everybody here is strong.And there is a good reason Genji's father wanted him in this school: he wanted his son to learn and acquire all these qualities. This will make him a much better person.Love this movie. Very well done. Visually stunning. Excellent acting.",
60617,__label__2,"A great who done it novel: This was my second Nora Roberts novel. I have to admit, I did have a hard time getting started, but once I did, I couldn't put it down. The whole time I was reading it, I kept getting these aweful flash backs of my ex-husbands Grandmother every time they mentioned the Father's Mother. The lies and the deceitfulness, made me depise the woman and made me realize why I despised my ex's Grandmother. Thanks for the great books. I would like to recommend to other Nora Robert's fans, you HAVE to read ""Divine Evil"". It has to be the best.",
60618,__label__2,"Just great: It arrived timely. I didn't listen to it as I gave it to my mother. She didn't complain so guess it was okay.Thanks, Jean Baber",
60619,__label__2,True Betrayals: This book was great. I will continue to read Nora Roberts and share her books with friends.,
60620,__label__2,TRUE BETRAYALS: I learned so much about behind the scenes of horseracing! The story of Kelsey and what she endured was excellent! I want to meet Gabe Slater!,
60621,__label__2,"Nora Roberts knows her horses: I just finished reading True Betrayals and then went and purchased two more of Nora Roberts books. The lady just keeps you wanting to read more and more. Where she gets her wealth of information is a wonder, but she certainly does a fine job. I have yet to read one of her books that I haven't loved. This one fell right in line. If the writer doesn't cry, the reader probably won't either. I wonder if these books get to her in that way. I hope she never quits. I will pass this book on to my reading friends.",
60622,__label__1,"Not very useful and poorly edited; not worth the price: This book is simply a bound version of the VC help on OLEDB 2.0. However, it is so lame that it does not cover any of the new Consumer templates which are included with VC6. If you already have VC6, then I would NOT reccommend this book. The Templates provided with VC6 are very powerful, but VERY poorly documented. However, this book will not remedy the problem. Also, what code examples there are(VERY few), are rarely correct in their syntax. In my mind, that is unacceptable in a book that is supposed to help you in using new, cutting-edge technology. The opnly good thing about the book is that it does cover the data type enums and other various enumerated types. This is nice, since it is difficult to find adequate help on these topics using the online help.Overall, I believe this is NOT the book to get if you want to use OLEDB 2.0!",
60623,__label__1,"Confusing mess: I'm pretty new to DataBase programming, and this book is taking me nowhere. The sample code could only be interpretted by one who already knows OLE DB. Anyone out there know of a good book for DB programming beginers??? I have a good understanding of MFC, COM, ActiveX, etc... I just need something to get going on creating custom OLE DB Providers.",
60624,__label__1,"Horrible, if you have to write a provider, GOOD LUCK!: Please stop emailing me about books on OLE DB, I have NOT found any better books. Though, I have recently taken a decent course taught be DevelopMentor... though, I'm still not 100% clear on writing providers.",
60625,__label__2,"Atomic Chrono WVQ560A-1AV Review: Happy with this watch despite the photos making it look like the body was a satin finish, it's actually very shiny. I prefer a brushed or satin metal finish, but it still looks good and sits well on my wrist. The buckle on the strap has two(2) tounges instead of the normal, one(1)Watch is faily heavy, and appears well made, and the strap with buckle is easy to attach, and remove.",
60626,__label__2,What about the church.: This movie is inspirational and moving for anyone that is going thru a simular situation at any church or organization.,
60627,__label__2,"Low budget movie High spirtual message: This movie wasnt big on money im assuming but what it lacked in special effects and glitter and glam it surely made up for in the message it was sending. I will admit alot of the movie did seem left out and scenes did jump but being a lover of all the cast and the music I simply filled in the blanks. I think this is a perfect movie for young people to see. That way they will see faith,love, and devotion is not just for the older people but its in us all. This movie had me thinking of when I myself doubt faith sometimes and ask myself is it all for nothing. Its not a blockbuster its a simple beautiful film. If you have a teenager and your finding a hard way to get them to understand why its important to do right, from the premarital sex to the hanging out all night, this is a great start.",
60628,__label__1,"Worst Movie Ever!: This movie is poorly written, produced and executed. Many of the cast members were out of their element and compensated by over acting. I was confused as to what the message and moral was; and the story itself seemed to glorify the protagonist despite the use of bible scripture. The flow of conversations were comical at best; it didn't seem realistic or believable. The movie failed to paint a picture and the plot has many inconsistencies. It is my opinion that more time and care should have been taking to perfect the story; and more money to hire a professional camera and audio production crew. If Christians represent Christ, this movie is a gross misrepresentation of excellence across the board.",
60629,__label__2,"4 stars but I don't regret buying it.: 4 stars, but I don't regret buying..I just feel there should have been more details in certain parts and the one part with the club did not have to be in there all, but I guess to some that's ok. Good acting & very good singing.",
60630,__label__2,Excellent Movie: Very moving story. Enjoyed it very much. The music was fabulous and Deitrick Haddon is excellent n this movie as well as his music.,
60631,__label__2,"Blessed: I was blessed by this DVD. It says a lot about what goes on in a lot churches today, and I believe a lot of us can relate to this one in one way or another.",
60632,__label__2,Awesome: This was an awesome movie. The music is wonderful and the story is a classic modernized tale of Saul and David.,
60633,__label__2,"Inspirational: I think sometimes people are overly critical. For what the movie was I thought it was very inspirational and the songs were very good. Deitrick Haddon is a true talent and if this was his first try at writing and directing a movie it was well done and he should get better with it in time. The only dislike I had with the movie was the overacting and unrealistic of actions of KiKi Sheard,I mean you are hysterically crying instead of calling 911, that sort of caught me for a loop. I love god and have faith in the lord but in the real world with medical emergencies we call 911. But, overall the movie was very inspiring too me especially the song ""Mighty God"" it actually inspired me to stop smoking.",
60634,__label__2,"Good Movie: The David and Saul story is clearly shown here although most of the people I know who watched it thought it would be on the storyline of David and Goliath. However, it shows the storyline of the jealousy that Saul had for David because of David's anointing. As Saul tried to kill David, so did the Bishop try to do to Dwight's spirit. However, just like in the Bible, Saul was not able to kill David as the Bishop was not able to kill Dwight's anointing. Fortunately, in the movie, the Bishop was able to repent. I would have loved to hear Karen sing something with ""her son"", but besides that, I enjoyed the movie.",
60635,__label__1,"Confusing: This was a confusing picture. The way it was shot and the way the story was told had me watching 2 times to understand it. Only after I saw the deleted scenes, then I understood the movies. Some imformation was left out of the movie that should have been left in it. Then this would have been a great movie.",
60636,__label__2,WOW!!!!!: This movie arrived barely a few days after I placed the order; I was particularly pleased because I needed it to do a review at church and it met expectations! Thank you!,
60637,__label__2,"Adopting made easier: We've recently adopted two Ethiopian children who spoke only Amharic when they first came to us. We searched for ages to find a dictionary that would suit our needs for communicating with them and also for teaching them English. After using a tiny phrasebook with limited words and only English-Amharic (one of our children could read well in Amharic) we needed a better way. And after looking through the internet for a while, a found this book and bought it. It's explained many things that before would not have been possible, and made the necessary communication all the easier. It is also helping the kids greatly in their English and understanding of things around them. Thanks heaps!",
60638,__label__2,"Adopting made easier: We've recently adopted two Ethiopian children who spoke only Amharic when they first came to us. We searched for ages to find a dictionary that would suit our needs for communicating with them and also for teaching them English. After using a tiny phrasebook with limited words and only English-Amharic (one of our children could read well in Amharic) we needed a better way. And after looking through the internet for a while, I found this book and bought it. It's explained many things that before would not have been possible, and made the necessary communication all the easier. It is also helping the kids greatly in their English and understanding of things around them. Thanks heaps!",
60639,__label__2,"ahh, much better!: Compared to the previous dictionary I had purchased this one is a breath of fresh air! Just what I needed for my learning of Amharic. I like that it is in order of consenant sound- not in actual order of the Fidel (ex: all ""h"" words are clumped together in one section, and the different forms of each letter are not considered in order eithermaking it easier since many Amharic words have multiple spellings and a novice can look up by basic sound.Recomended!",
60640,__label__1,good: this is a very interested book a couple of my friends have this book. it is very well written and easy to read.how do i go about purchasing this book.please email me an answer.,
60641,__label__2,Good Product: I have a bad back and this has made my trips wonderful. The massaging helps keep my back from tightning up and the heat keeps me comfortable. Anyone with back problems should have one of these.,
60642,__label__1,"Horrible, Horrible: There is not a better word to describe this. The vibration is WAY under powered. I can pet my cat she vibrates harder from her purring than this cushion does. I could not even hardly feel it. I got it cheap, and it was a waste of money at any price.",
60643,__label__1,"Waste of Money: I bought this book long time ago hoping to learn Image Styler by myself, but It didn't help me. There is nothing in this book that was valuable whichI couldn't figure it out by myself, or by the free tutorials available on the web.One important thing I figured out ( and I am speaking for myself) is that Image Styler is not the kind of software that need proper training before being able to use it, every thing is ready made and so clear, except maybe for the Javascript rollovers.Don't waist your money on this book, or any book about Image Styler for that matter. Put your money on more powerful tools such as Photoshop or Flash",
60644,__label__2,"Needed at this time: Mr. Gray does a nice lite job on breezing through Image Styler. JS is why I went there but found some rather cool insights into the cutting edge of graphics, the web and Adobe.",
60645,__label__1,"Waste of Money: I bought this book long time ago hoping to learn Image Styler by myself, but It didn't help me. There is nothing in this book that was valuable which I couldn't figure it out by myself, or by the free tutorials available on the web.One important thing I figured out ( and I am speaking for myself) is that Image Styler is not the kind of software that needs proper training before being able to use it, every thing is ready made and so clear, except maybe for the Javascript rollovers.Don't waist your money on this book, or any book about Image Styler for that matter. Put your money on more powerful tools such as Photoshop or Flash",
60646,__label__1,Very Poor: After waiting six weeks for this book to arrive I was sorely disappointed.At least 150 pages of trivia to say that this is an In Depth book is a joke. save your money. Overall I believe that Adobe should vet these types of books,
60647,__label__2,"The most fun 3D fighter on the Dreamcast: Virtual On rocks!! The controls take some getting used to and the Dreamcast holds up pretty well to this end. The graphics are AWESOME, the action is FAST and the game is TIGHT! If you have finished beating Soul Calibur for the millionth time and you're ready for a real 3D challenge then pick this up. This game is a gem from the far east, don't let it slip by.Did I mention that the animation is silky smooth, the graphics are some of best that the Dreamcast can produce and action is fast and furious. The frame rate never drops below the standard 60 and this makes for some great action. The time and effort taken to produce each Mech is seen in the level of detail for each character. The character backround stages are also exceptional which makes for some serious eye candy. This game looks GOOD!If you had second thoughts then sweep them away and get this, you won't regret it!",
60648,__label__1,"Not a hardcore gamer? Then don't bother...: This game is very difficult for beginners to pickup. After playing the home version with the DC controler I realized how much I miss those twin sticks. Trying to get use to the controls takes a very long time and the pay off isn't worth it.Graphics are only as good as the arcade version (perfect port of the arcade visually), which is now dated.Hardcore Virtual On fans seem to like it a lot, everyone else should pass. There are better rewarding games that take less time to figure out. Oh yeah, where is the Internet play Activision?",
60649,__label__1,THIS GAME STINKS: This game ...[is horrible]. You fly around uncontrolably. You press the shoot button and nothing happens.DONT BUY THIS GAME.,
60650,__label__1,"TWIN STICKS REQIURED - but not included: This game, I must admit, has beautiful graphics and awesome gameplay. The problem is the controls are designed around a peripheral, which most of you know, called Twin Sticks. Playing the game with a standard controller IS possible and ALMOST fun, but it's like playing Quake without a keyboard, possible but not tolerable. I purchased the game and decided the Twin Sticks were a must, so I attempted to acquire a set. I found that the controllers go for around $75 each AND even if I felt like sinking $150 into one game I didn't have the option because the controllers are not sold in the US (as of June 2000) and all mail-order shops I found were sold out. So unless you already have Twin Sticks (actually Sega Saturn Twin Sticks work with an adapter) I wouldn't purchase this game. Don't get me wrong, this game is awesome, but true gamers won't be able to put up with the lack of control. ---2 stars, for now",
60651,__label__2,"Best map of Belize i have found yet: Having a good deal of detail including minor roads and lots of points of interest, as well as elevation gradient lines, I will find this map very useful in our upcoming trip. Missed the fifth star because only one city map is onset. Wished for two more.",
60652,__label__1,"Needs updating.: I recently bought this map as a guide for navigating around Belize. I was very disappointed to find that a good percentage of the roads in Belize aren't marked on the map. There doesn't seem to be any pattern to the roads that are not marked, some are minor, some are more major. For example, the major road to Spanish Lookout (which is paved) is not shown at all. However, single track dirt roads to remote locations and are not through-roads are shown. The random nature of which roads are shown or not, as the case may be, make the map unreliable. The topographical information shown does however seem to be accurate.",
60653,__label__2,Belize 250 Travel map: This map is definately everything we need to drive down to Belize from the States. We are planning to take our vehicles to Belize when we move there and needed a good road map to direct us down through Belize to Gales Point where our son lives. It is a very detailed map and is all I had hoped for when I ordered it,
60654,__label__2,"Belize 1:250,000 Travel Map ( International Travel Maps ): This map ordered from Amazon, is a detailed map of Belize. It's a very good map of terran and roads. Also very colorful.",
60655,__label__2,Great Movie!!: Surviving Gilligan's Island is a great documentary that shows you what went on....off the screen. It really gives you a good idea of what the actors were like in real life. I really liked this movie and would recommend it for all Gilligan fans! A must see.,
60656,__label__1,Not so good: Product is made cheap for the price. It is a weird material that doesn't stay in place to easy. It also tore in multiple spots and couldn't be cleaned after one time. Not that I would use it again. It was useless!,
60657,__label__1,"Deceptive: This product is NOT worth even looking at or considering. The ""idea/concept"" is great but the actual functionality was totally a dissapointment. Although it stayed in place the top part did not even do what it meant to do for adding pleasure to woman.",
60658,__label__1,no so great: When I first saw this I said oh great something for the two of us to enjoy at the same time. No so right. It was ok. I have had better toys,
60659,__label__1,"Amazing and Crap: This product is both amazing and a piece of crap. It works VERY well, does exactly what it's supposed to and is EXPLOSIVE. However it will only last 2 1/2 sessions. I've purchased two of these, the latter of which I treated with kit gloves, but still during the third use the jelly ring broke.",
60660,__label__1,"Terrible quality control: The included vibrator comes with 3 button-cell batteries... which do not fit inside the unit. Any more than two batteries, and the end cap will not thread on properly. The vibrator can run with only two batteries but the vibrations are very weak.I contacted Amazon and they sent a replacement. Same problem.I suppose one could replace the vibrator with another small bullet-style vibe, but why not just buy a better quality product to begin with?",
60661,__label__1,"You get what you pay for!: The seller doesn't missrepresent, but beware! The material is very thin and cheaply made. Probably wont last long.",
60662,__label__1,"How to make easy concepts as difficult as possible in 21 day: Mr. Conley has taken easy concepts & completely obscured them in arcane language that only a lawyer could love. I found myself lost in his description of things I already knew.Remember John, the goal here is not to prove that you know what your talking about, but to pass the knowledge on to new comers. Tip #1: tone down the jargon.I have been working with VB for over a year. ""Teach Yourself"" is a good title for this book because that's exactly what you'll be doing, teaching yourself without much help from the text.",
60663,__label__2,"4x4 in S. CA.: This book is all I'd expected it to be. A great help. It smoothes out all decisions about where to go and time to allow, routs to and from and other very helpful information.",
60664,__label__2,Great book for off roading: Used this book first weekend after I got it. Found trails I didn't know about. Easy to follow. A must for novices at off roading.,
60665,__label__1,"Make sure it's correct book.: What author names two books so closely? Is it that complicated to encompass all of California in one book?I wanted to buy NORTHERN CALIFORNIA apparently. I guess I missed the ""SOUTHERN"" part in the book title.What is so complicated about putting all of California into one book? Oh.. then the author can't chargefor two books. Got it.Guide to Southern California Backroads & 4-Wheel Drive TrailsGuide To Northern California Backroads & 4-Wheel Drive TrailsNow I get to find someone that will take the Southern version off my hands.",
60666,__label__1,"Not worth the money: The book is just that-basics. Actually, it is very confusing. I would not recommend beginers buying this book, take a class instead. ...............I wouldn't waste the money.",
60667,__label__1,"skip it and save your money: If you are thinking about learning flamenco steps all you get are 2 pages with 18 steps, the first twelve are easier than real basic flamenco steps. You have to take classes or former experience in order to practice this steps, otherwise you will be doing something and wont come close to the real steps. Now again, if you have already taken flamenco classes this book is useless. The rest of the book are rather comments, brief advices and sketches to give you and idea of how is learning flamenco like . I consider this is an introductory classnotes handout but never a book. I would recommend you to keep searching or to buy a dvd.",
60668,__label__2,Castanets? You're kidding!: We don't play no stinking castanets in flamenco! That's tourist trappy guiri gilipollez!,
60669,__label__2,"Audiovisual/Musical Purity: I think that the 1'st vid is underrated. There is a total theme in the Robot chasing the insect. If you look closely you will see Kanji on the wings of the insect. If you know Japanese this would be an added benefit, (my friend knows).[...]",
60670,__label__2,"Good Product Worth The Money: I tried to find this product locally, but to no avail. Most online products were what I did not want nor could afford. This fit my needs great.",
60671,__label__1,"Item Pictured vs Item Shipped: It's 10/11/11 and the image displayed for sale is a rotary switch model. The item that will be shipped is a push button model. The rotary switch model is more reliable as I have one still working after 10 years. The push button model is too light of weight and to be used properly the box must be secured down by double sided tape. Also, push buttons have a habit of developing bad contacts after much use. Besides the rotary switch does not need tape to secure it from moving while turning the switch. Still, maybe you would like it more secure too.",
60672,__label__2,A B VGA Switch box: I am very well pleased with this device. It was well constructed and suited my needs very well.,
60673,__label__2,"does what its supposed to do: easy to set up ,doesent need any power source ! for video its easy to switch between pc and xbox!! i just wish it had audio rca jacks bulit in that would be great!!",
60674,__label__1,"manual VGA switch and two startech 6 foot tables as recommended by Amazon: Did not work.hooked it up, worked on one computer, switched to the other computer and got a screwed up screen. Turned screen off and on, rebooted computer and screen ended up with gibberish lines.I don't understand as this should be a simple wiring setup.SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME - BASED ON MY EXPERIENCE THIS SETUP DOES NOT WORK!!!!!!",
60675,__label__1,"Cheaply Made Switch - not worth over $5: This switch is as plain and simple as it can be - just a cheap metal casing with a crude switch and the wires going to the ports. As small as it already is, it could have been made into something even less than half the size. 90% of the space in the case is air.",
60676,__label__1,"Wrong product & Loses part of signal...: Instead of the dial pictured with this listing, the product shipped comes with two push buttons (A and B). That's nothing that would have kept me from buying it... but it's still disconcerting to get something besides what you ordered.What would keep me from ordering this is that although the signal changed from source A to source B (and back) when the appropriate button was pushed... it would change the video signal to a *very* yellow color once you let go of the button. As long as you are mashing the button down all the way with your thumb it is fine. But the second you take your thumb off of the button the image looks like it's being viewed beneath a layer of dark yellow liquid. For this reason I cannot recommend this product.",
60677,__label__2,"Excellent switch!: Excellent product for the prize! It is listed as VGA, but it is definitely SVGA. I used it to connect my MAC ibook and my PC to an HP L1710 17"" LCD display. I am able to switch between both of them seamlessly. It works even if one of the computers is in a screen-saver or sleeping mode. Out of curiosity, I tried different resolutions and refresh frequencies. The switcher worked up to 1280 by 1024 at 85 Hz refresh rate, though I am typically using it at 1024 by 768 at 65 Hz.Just be aware that there are many fraud copies of this switcher advertised under the same name DB15, but at cheaper prize (< $10). And they have very poor reviews. That is not for the real model. So, be aware that you are purchasing the original at the right prize!",
60678,__label__2,Works like a charm: The item was very inexpensive. It took a little while to ship but once it got here I basically hooked it up and it runs perfectly. Outstanding value for the money.,
60679,__label__1,"Wavy lines no matter what I do: Thought it would work better than it does. No matter what I've done, I can't get rid of the wavy lines that distort either of the monitors. I'd return it if it wasn't too late.",
60680,__label__1,"Reduces image quality: I bought these so I can switch between my second computer monitor and Xbox 360. I didn't notice the difference in quality of the picture when I switched to my xbox 360, but when I turned the switched to my computer, I noticed a huge decrease in image quality. There was an overlapping effect on fonts and images were extremely blurry. I even switched the VGA cables out thinking that was my problem, but it didn't help. It could just be my VGA Switch box though (not sure since it was pretty cheap).All in all, it works... but does not give a clear image.",
60681,__label__2,"Sturdy. Plug and play. No issues.: I purchased this because I read quite a few reviews and wanted something that was pretty sturdy within reason at an inexpensive price. All that I can really say is that I plugged it into the VGA port on my computer (My HDMI output is going to my main monitor, then connected a 17"" and a 46"" LCDs to the output ports. The 17"" is used to help configure what is sent to a couple of MIDI controllers, and the 46"" is a television. This allows me to span my primary screen across one or the other external screens depending on what I am using it for at the time. I just use the AB switches and the video spans back and forth with no other tweaking. Very nice. Not a problem so far.",
60682,__label__2,"Simple, functional, affordable: I use this gadget to switch the video input to my projector. It could be smaller; it could be prettier, but it works just fine - does what it is supposed to. I recommend it to anyone who has a similar application.",
60683,__label__2,Owned for several years: For me this receiver is very easy to use has no HDMI so beware. The remote wore out wouldn't work anymore had to replace so I would recommend buying an extra one immediately since they could become scarce. I found a replacement remote for around $30. Over all I love this unit and highly recommend Yamaha Receivers over other brands. I also own a Pioneer vsx-819h and like this older Yamaha much better.,
60684,__label__2,"Very happy with this receiver: I recently bought the receiver, athena micra speakers, and the xm antenna. I decided to treat myself and get rid of an old mini-system and a roady 2. I am very happy with how xm is integrated with the system. The remote controls took a while to get used to, but that's pretty typical with new electronics... Currently, I am only using this system for music, but I do plan on hooking up my dvd player and tv soon - hopefully I will like this system that much more.",
60685,__label__1,"not a useful first hand reference: after running through the relatively few sms 2 books out there, i have to say that this is not one i'd buy again. 1) there are glaring errors such as incorrectly numbered screen captures which are integral to understanding the material. 2) blatantly conflicting information such as where sms can be installed. the book actually lists sms will only work on a domain controller and pages later only to correctly state that member server is the preferred location. the sms administrator's companion by steve d. kacmarek is better by far. that book provides hard to find tricks such as specifying the nic for use with remote control and well written and organized throughout. this book is fine for a relative knowledgeable sms person who wants to read through the book for a refresher course but for beginners, it will only confuse and misinform which goes against its' purpose in the first place.",
60686,__label__1,Not for me...: This book was extra credit reading for my Psychology class. I did not enjoy any of it.,
60687,__label__2,"The Child That Lives In A Man: This book was a passionate, but very demanding book. This book couldn't leave my sight for day's onto the end of night until I finished it. For me to see what this child has gone through, has my heart reaching out for others who are so much less fortunate. The reason why I picked The Child That Lives in a Man as my title is because there is always a little child living in each and everyone of us. That has gone through some kind of past like the child in the book has. Even as some might not be a bad as others, we have all been through basically the same thing.Thereason why I rate this book a four star is because it is so moving that your heart will want to reach out for others as well as mine did.",
60688,__label__2,"A Definate ""Must-Read"": This book goes on my list of favorite books. It is a well told story of one's transition from being a boy to a man while trying to survive an break out of Harlem's trap. I had some trouble getting interested in the book in the beginning but once I did, I couldn't put it down. Realistic and compelling.",
60689,__label__2,Manchild shares the true meaning to from rags to riches: I first picked up the book in 7th grade and am still reading it in 11th grade. Even though I was not brought up the same way with the same situation it helps me to better understand what other people are going through in their everyday lives. I would recommend this book to all who don't understand the saying from rags to riches.,
60690,__label__2,"Claude Brown's prose is REAL and Alive!!!!: I am a teacher of freshman English at Florida State University. This semester I had the opportunity to teach a remedial English class that consisted of many students who had never read a book before. . .they were a tough and rugged bunch with a lot of undirected, raw energy. The course objective was to get them to become more comfortable with reading. It was a beautiful and incredible experience to watch Claude Brown humble them, and then turn them into anxious readers. When they began to discuss the book on days when we weren't scheduled to discuss it, I knew I was on to something--Manchild in the Promise Land is a must read. It changed mine and my student's lives. . .It's full of spirit, soul, and that raw primordial energy that moves us whether we like it or not.",
60691,__label__2,"A must read for the young and the old: I read this book when I was 14 and again when I was 17 when I had my first boyfriend who was going down the same road as Sonny. He was selling drugs and was getting caught up in the life of crime. I urged him to read it and he did. He agreed that it was a great book. Unfortunately, he missed the point and made a hero out of Sonny. But I still recommend this book to young boys. I've been trying to find a copy for years for my young nephew. Adults its our duty to give a copy to all the youths that we know.",
60692,__label__1,Manchild in the promised land: I never had a issue with anything that I have ordered through Amazon. But I order a new book. I received a used book. I would like to return this book and get a new one. Could you PLEASE tell me if a new book is available?????????? Before I return this book.,
60693,__label__2,"Lightening Fast: The condition was fair however I knew this and paid next to nothing for it, and it came to my mailbox as I said in my title lightning fast. Excellent service!",
60694,__label__2,Dancing in New York: Fred Astaire and Vera Ellen dancing literally in New York by special effects. He's so much in love that he literally floats in the air and starts dancing! The story can be dull at times but the dancing makes up for that.,
60695,__label__1,"No Bells Ringing for this Disaster: Arthur Freed, the great producer of MGM musicals, must have been sick or on vacation during the filming of The Belle of New York. The terrible script, inferior music and lyrics should have sounded an alarm, but no one was there to here it. Only the dance numbers are worth anything. Everything else is beneath contempt. It's hard to believe that Freed would allow its release. If ever a picture needed a fix, it was this dud. Alas, no one saved it. What a waste of Fred Astaire,Vera Ellen, Alice Pearce, Conrad Salinger and director Charles Walters.",
60696,__label__2,"Astaire and Ellen Are The One!: Vera Ellen is no Ginger, but none the less, a very suitable dancing partner for Fred. A very enjoyable movie with some of the best music of that era.",
60697,__label__1,"Have seen better: The Belle of New York was very disappointing to me.Considering the dancing talent involved, I would have thought this movie to be quite good. No way! The songs are corny, the plot is second rate, and worst of all, Fred Astaire and Vera-Ellen just don't fit in. It's a waste of their dancing talent.The only thing I liked was the humor and that's about it.Save your money and don't buy it. I would recommend ""Three Little Words"" instead. Fred and Vera are great in that movie.",
60698,__label__2,"Fantastic Circuit Experience at home: May I just say WOW! Just came back from a circuit party and as soon as I got this CD was as if I have never left the dance floor. Can't stop listening to it. It is like adrenaline shots through your ears. If you consider yourself an electronic music fan, this is a MUST...you must have it, listen to it and never get rid of it.",
60699,__label__1,"A terribly disappointed music fan. Don't buy from this DJ.: I purchased this CD thinking it would be a one-of-a-kind CD but I was terribly dissapointed. I won't even go into detail about the selection of tracks used by this DJ who is extremely boring. He calls this party music, ha ha ha. Also, I accidentally ended up at the Fire Island 2 for LBGP & this DJ happenned to be playing on a Saturday night. Let me tell you, the tracks he used literally skipped as he was trying to mix them. This DJ doesn't have any new material to mix. Masterbeat must not care about achieving good quality music.",
60700,__label__2,"She Gets 4 Stars for the Cover Alone!: Before you even open ""All Of Me"", Toni Tennille's sophomore solo set, you'll be dazzled by the cover art--especially if you are fortunate enough to nab it in LP form. Tennille never looked sexier, more gorgeous, or more ""come-hither-y"" than she does here (don't miss the back cover of Toni in leather and stiletto heels). And what's behind that cover does not disappoint.""All Of Me"" is essentially ""More Thank You Know, Book 2"". It blasts out of the chute like a bucking bronco with her rendition of ""How High The Moon"", Andrews Sisters-style, and never looks back. The only thing I didn't love about this album was ""Dream"". I know--this version is much more true to the original in tempo and styling than C&T;'s version on their album of the same name... but wasn't that a luscious way to end that album? Truth be told, ""All Of Me"" would have garnered 5 stars had its predecessor not been as amazing as it was. A definite ""must"" for Tennille-philes",
60701,__label__1,"Very disappointing: Nancy Richards-Akers was a volunteer at Mount Vernon College, her alma mater, while I worked there and we got to be good friends. I think that this book suffers from the author's only having interviewed a limited range of sources and very few close friends of Nancy's. It in no way reflects the reality of what I knew of the situation. After having read this book, I have to say that I will never look the same way at any true crime book every again, knowing easily the story can be manipulated by the selection of the sources.",
60702,__label__1,"so boring: I totally agree with the reader's from Galena, Alaska and Canada.this was one of the worse true crime books I have ever read. It was more about the victim (whose was a writer) and the books she wrote and how long it took her to write them and how the poor thing had to take care of her kids when all she wanted to do was write. She had no time to clean house because she was so busy going to club meeting for her book club. Finally she just leaves her children and moves in with her boy friend whose mother is the same age as she is. Her husband was a jurk but she never should have left her kids. Now these kids have no parents because both of them are dead.She should have just taken her kids and gotten out. Many women do it all the time.",
60703,__label__1,"Sad but not uncommon story: The book was a disappointment, both in terms of the story itself and in the telling of the story.",
60704,__label__1,"Subjective objectivity: Ms. Pulitzer's purportedly ""objective"" expose on circumstances surrounding the death of Nancy Richards Akers is nothing but tabloid fodder told from a single perspective. It completely glosses over vital facts.",
60705,__label__1,"B O R I N G: What more is there to say? I like a book that grabs you and won't let go. This one put me to sleep. Want True Crime at it's best? Try: ""Salt of the Earth"" by Jack Olsen, any one of John Walsh's books, Helter Skelter, Mindhunter by John Douglas, Scream at the Sky by Carlton Stowers, An Hour to Kill by Dale Hudson. Those are just a few....I could go on and on....",
60706,__label__1,"Details, Details, Details: Way too much detail and irrelevant backround information. Get to the action!",
60707,__label__2,spiderman rocks: this is the greatest game i have ever played people have differentopinions but i think spiderman is better than spiderman 2enter:electro.,
60708,__label__2,"Spidy kicks Batman...: This game rocks!Graphics rock,attacks for Spidy rock....Over all buy it!!I wonder if they will come out with Sider-Man Two for PS1(hint hint hint).",
60709,__label__2,"Big Al's spiderman review: FINALLY A DECENT SPIDERMAN GAME HAS COME OUT! After playing the demo at a local mall, i must say that i was simply amazed by the game. Activision has captured the true essence of spiderman in this game. The amazing 3D environments of NYC are a perfect backdrop for our friendly neighborhood spiderman. The sound quality was great w/the hilarious one-liners that made spidey famous. The game was easy to control and incredibly fun. I'll be first in line to buy this game when it comes out this september.",
60710,__label__1,"NOT for kids: This is a horribly violent game to be marketing it to kids! It should have a T rating, I don't know who was asleep at the switch and let this through with an E!",
60711,__label__2,"Spiderman-Playstation: Hey, this is def. a game worth buying, basically peter parkers at a science expo and a fake spiderman steals a huge machine,and spidys blamed for it. i rated it a four, because, even though the game has great graphics and a great storyline after you beat it it gets a little boring. A cool thing is that after you beat the game you get a new costume,for instance,the first time you win, you get the spidyvenom costume and you have unlimited web fluid, and with each new one, you get special abilities, Whatastyl",
60712,__label__2,"Finally a comic game true to the material: If you are a comic fan, or a Spider-Man fan in general then GET THIS GAME! The story flows like a good comic, the cut scenes are incredible, and there are enough cameo appearances are awesome. The game play is great, watching Spider-Man move, act, and talk as you'd expect he would. And there are enough hidden little goodies to keep you playing the game over and over. You can collect comics as you play and the costume variations cover just about all of the more memorable moments from the series (and beyond). Hopefully, there will be a sequel to this one.",
60713,__label__2,"Spiderman: I have only played the demo, but it is still by far the best spiderman game i have ever played. The 3d levels make the game play incredible",
60714,__label__2,"Any Spider-Fan Will Love it!: Although there are hundreds of superhero games, this simple Playstation game stole my heart. The game is fun. That's pretty much it's only quality. By today's standards, this game has terrible graphics. When it was new, it was fine. But don't let a simple matter as graphics stop you from playing this game. The game lets you into the shoes of Spider Man like no other game can. The game is disappointingly short. However, you will find yourself playing it over and over again. If you're looking for a quality Spider-Man experience, this game is perfect.",
60715,__label__2,Excellent: This is a very good game and I think you ought to buy it.You can do almost everything spiderman can do in the TV series.,
60716,__label__2,Awsome Game!: This is one of the best super hero games ever made so what are you waiting for? Get It! It's worth the money!,
60717,__label__1,"It' s ruining Spider-Man' s good name: It gets Spider-Man all wrong. It' s ruining Spider-Man' s good name.Graphics: 1/10Yucky, and the characters look like monsters.Sound: 1/10BooooooooooooooooooringGameplay: 1/10Is this a game from Activision and Neversoft? The creators of Tony Hawk' s games? Seems not?Lifespan: 1/10Too shortReplay value: 1/10Not likely.So, you play it once if you have a thing for boring games, YAY. You finished it in one turn. Now buy Jak II.",
60718,__label__2,"The list mania listing was [bad], but...: ...I got a better description here.The first part was okay, but the second part was amazing. Snoopy's life story was marvelous and I really like see Spike, Belle and all the other brothers and sisters at Daisy Hill.",
60719,__label__1,"A poorly written self promoting rant...: This book is an self-indulgent rant. It's telling that it was published by the Human Givens publishing house (i.e. presumably the authors self financing) because no decent editor would accept such rot. The 'Human Givens' concept is repeatedly bandied about, but the whole concept is really a mishmash of psychological concepts that fits the authors pet views. This book has nothing to add to knowledge. It references the absurd, and leaves giant statements hanging.... like 'givens'. Avoid this book, unless you need source material about how not to write about something. Truly dreadful stuff.....",
60720,__label__2,"What can I say, simply a great book: I read this book the first time in class my junior year of high school. This book did more than any other book I have ever read to motivate me and teach me to feel better about myself.Not only does he have true life stories from great and not so great people, he also talks about how his own life has been turned around by a changing of attitudes.I think everyone would benefit from reading this book.",
60721,__label__2,Thanks Zig: This book should be required annual reading for anyone who wants to get motivated and stay motivated. Zig can do it for you like no one else!,
60722,__label__1,see you at top: i had the cassette tapes & the cd did not cover all that was on tapes or in book see you at the top complete rip off,
60723,__label__1,Zigville: This is pretty dated....it needs a good tune up. Pretty hard to read but maybe a good start for someone just making the move to success.,
60724,__label__2,"One of the best books on the subject: This book is intended to improve Your Self -Steem, -Knoledge and -Confidence to its very roots. As you realize those as keys factor to success, it will become mandatory as a reading.",
60725,__label__2,Going to the top: You can't put this book down. Great stories and very motivational. Has me thinking if my future and what I need to get done.A lady with a project,
60726,__label__2,"See you at the top: Classic book, but somewhat dated. Many of the things mentioned in the book are as appropriate today as they were 30 years ago. Zig was a straight arrow and this book deserves reading.",
60727,__label__2,"Funny, Moving, and Riveting: This is a very rare film that puts across the real feeling and impact of a night at the play. Thanks to the great direction by Malle, the terrific adaptation by David Mamet of Chekhov's ""Uncle Vanya"", and the unpretentious yet highly skilled and dedicated cast, this is a feast for lovers of good drama.",
60728,__label__2,Vanya on 42nd Steet: Magnificent? May be it can be a word to define it. A bunch of great actors get together around a worn table in a decrepit and abandoned theater. They start a play. They are all dressed as you or me would be. They have no make-up. But they have themselves.And in minutes they capture you; they inmerse you in the Chekhov's world. They show you art in its more elevated sense.This is Vanya on 42nd Steet.,
60729,__label__1,"What are you people thinking?!: I think the only reason this is given such high reviews is owing to the fact that it is such a great play. The performances here are frankly mediocre, and Wallace Shawn is just not that good in the role. Vanya is in the middle of a nervous breakdown and Shawn plays him tired and resigned. PLEASE see the BBC Chekhov collection with Kenny Jones as Vanya to see what this really could be. PLEASE. At least for an English version; curiously, there is no Russian version of this anywhere on DVD.",
60730,__label__1,"sorry, fail to sit thru the whole 9 yards: the casts are all good but i couldn't stand the endless blah,blah,blah. maybe it's good but i simply fail to find this bore-to-death movie the least interesting. if i were in the theatre, i might have to apologize to the other audience when i bailed out of the aisle in the middle of the big nowhere.",
60731,__label__1,"Great book, awful publisher: I can't believe that Amazon would carry a book of such incredibly low printing and proofreading quality. I can handle a spelling mistake here and there but this book's editing is atrocious - it was certainly not even given a cursory read by any human before going to press. Punctuation can be found randomly in the middle of sentences, parts of sentences are missing, words are misspelled right and left - so much so that it is very difficult to follow Chesterton's arguments. This edition is not worth the money I paid for it, though I like Chesterton very much. I will be purchasing the book again - by a different publisher. Amazon should no longer carry anything by Wilder Publications.",
60732,__label__1,"rip-off publisher: Great book, a classic, but... It should be illegal for publishers to sell books with so many errors in it. There are mistakes on virtually every page: spelling, bad punctuation, wrong letters, etc. It seems they OCR'ed the text and forgot to proof it, not even a spell check (or maybe the spell check changed some of the words on them to something other than what the author wrote) and now they are making money from it. If you want to purchase this book, please do so from a different publisher.",
60733,__label__1,"Skip This Edition! Nice Cover Art: This edition of the Chesterton classic, The Everlasting Man, has been so poorly proof-read that it has unintelligible passages, omissions, misspellings--often several on a single page. Chesterton never used the word ""modem"", but it appears over and over. Punctuation has been reduced to the point that periodic sentences seem to be run-ons; commas and periods pop up is strange places. Is it sabotage? I CAN'T GIVE THIS AS A GIFT, AS I HAD PLANNED!""Without my old paperback (Image Books), I would find this incomprehensible.",
60734,__label__1,DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION: Do NOT buy this version of the book. The publisher did no proofreading. Finding spelling errors on the first few pages is a crime again G.K. Chesterton and insulting to readers.What a shame that Amazon.com continues to carry books by this publisher.,
60735,__label__1,"GREAT BOOK -- HORRIBLE PUBLISHER: It is not possible to read this book because of many, many typographical errors and punctuation problems. READ THIS BOOK -- but get it somewhere else in a legible font with the actual words of the author. Amazon should not allow sales of this edition.",
60736,__label__1,"Very poorly edited: This book looks interesting. Unfortunately, I never made it past the 2nd page which was missing 1/2 of a crucial sentence. Thank you to Amazon for accepting the return of this poorly edited work. I plan on purchasing an edition that has been proofread.",
60737,__label__1,"Rotten printing of a great book: I loved this book when i read it a twenty or so years ago, despite G.K.'s tendancy to write five paragraphs as one. He is witty, clever and demolishes the secular approach to history. (Especially how the discovey of a thigh bone and part of a skull proves that this guy wore no clothes, had no religion, used these tools but not those, and so on.)But I am going to have to reorder this one in large print edition, not owning a microscope.",
60738,__label__1,"Horrible Publisher: This rating has to do with this publisher and not the content of the book itself. The book is a classic, which speaks for itself in that many people have connected with it and found it interesting. The publisher on the other hand should be named ""the bottom of the barrel"", ""instead of ""the bottom of the hill"". They printed one page of a 12 page Introduction and the book has many typing errors which at time makes getting the meaning difficult. I suggest finding another version.",
60739,__label__1,"Look for a different edition....: The review is only concerning the physical copy of the book, not its content.This book is not formatted as a novel. There are two columns of print on each page, giving it the feel of a school workbook. Overall, if you are looking for an awkwardly large copy of this book with strange formatting, this is the version for you. If not, I suggest looking elsewhere.*After reading through the book, I found it was FILLED with typos. It was so bad in some areas that the text was rendered unintelligible. Once again, I would suggest looking for a different edition due to the shear carelessness taken when this edition was edited.",
60740,__label__1,"Amazing book, but don't buy it from this publisher.: I love Chesterton's work. This is a great book. However, this particular version is riddled with typographical errors such as missing punctuation, misspelled words, and words that were simply transcribed incorrectly from the original, e.g. ""illogically"" appears when ""illogicality"" should appear.I have been reading this book with some friends in a sort of discussion group, and some of the others have versions from a different publisher in which none of these errors appear. I regret purchasing this version, and will probably end up ordering a different one. Chesterton is such a joy to read, and it is a shame to have to mentally correct typos while reading him.",
60741,__label__1,"This almost deserves the label ""fraudulent"": Like many other people who were taken in, I was shocked to discover that the entire Introduction had vanished ""somewhere"" --- terminated halfway down the first page with a question mark.The rest of the book is set in an awful font (think Courier 10) and riddled with typos --- to such an extent that you actually wonder whether you are getting Chesterton's thoughts. What does it mean for something to be called ""mook?"" Is that the OCR software going crazy over ""meek"" or ""moo?""Obviously the book was never edited at all; no editor could have possibly overlooked the missing Introduction.DO NOT BUY THIS MISERABLE THING.",
60742,__label__1,"Buy Another Edition: To read this edition of a classic is to weep. It is rife with typos, mispellings, omissions, with the occasional paragraph break where there is no grammatical or editorial reason for one. Better a good used edition than this!",
60743,__label__1,"A classic - in a poor edition: I received mine copy today and will return it. It does not have Chesterton's Prefatory Note and the Introduction has been truncated from 10 pages (soft cover Doubleday) to three paragraphs! I started to read it and two pages in I found a typo. Also, I am not pleased with the quality of the print.The Everlasting Man is a classic and should be read by everyone. It is a shame that the quality of this edition is so mediocre.",
60744,__label__1,"Good book, appalling publisher: Please read the other 1 star reviews. This book is quite good so far, but the editing is horrible. I will attempt to return it even though I am 1/4 of the way through and then find another copy to purchase. Words are frequently misspelled and punctuation is missing or misplaced. Wilder Publications appears to not be an entirely legitimate publisher which furthermore feels the need to add a legal disclaimer to Chesterton's text. This is the same publisher that was in the news recently for adding disclaimers to the American founding documents. If you needed further evidence that the publisher did not do its job, a portion of the introduction is entirely cut off. Do not buy this edition.",
60745,__label__1,"Wilder Publications - The Careless Menace: G. K. Chesterton's ""The Everlasting Man"" is an amazing work, and I am insulted by Wilder Publication's shoddy presentation of it. There are countless spelling and punctuation mistakes. The word ""he"" usually appears as ""be"" - to give a horrifying but typical example - and the introduction ends in the middle of a thought with a ""?"".DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION. Buy ""The Everlasting Man"", but NOT FROM THIS PUBLISHER!",
60746,__label__1,"Do Not Purchase the Wilder Edition: G.K. Chesterton is one of my favorite authors, and this is one of my favorite books. But nothing is more frustrating than having to go through and edit the sentences for spelling and punctuation errors. The most glaring errors come in the form of random words inserted where they do not belong. Some words within it aren't even words at all.This publication is a disgrace to the intelligence and wit of G.K. Chesterton, and I'm sure if he was still around he would be quite displeased with this edition.I stopped reading after six pages, and will be purchasing the Ignatius Press edition as a replacement. Do not buy books from Wilder Publications.",
60747,__label__1,"Not A Real Publishing Company: While Chesterton is truly a monumental figure, this edition of The Everlasting Man is an underhanded scam of some group or individual calling themselves ""Feather Trails Press"" publishing via CreateSpace, basically the MySpace of publishing.The thing is riddled with typos. Honestly, I was hard pressed to find a page without one. I was furious with the lack of editing and resolved that the moment I finished the book I would write the publisher.Turns out the publisher does exist. It is just some guy in his basement copy/pasting from Gutenberg project and charging $9 for a book that he hasn't even taken the time to proofread, much less do legitimate scholarly work on.A disgrace and a fraud.",
60748,__label__1,"Terrible edition of a great book.: This review is on the edition of this book, and not the content of the book itself. The font size is miniscule, the book is of an unmanageable size. It is a completely unpractical and useless edition of this (fantastic) book. Avoid at all costs.",
60749,__label__1,"Publisher Ruined This Book: There were at least 100 typos, misspellings, punctuation and grammatical errors. It wasn't an easily read book for me anyhow, but these mistakes on nearly every page made it grueling. I've ordered the same book from a different publisher, as I really want to read it again without all the printing errors.",
60750,__label__1,"Chesterton's Everlasting Man, Wilder Publication 2008: Do not waste your money on this edition! Too many typos to count! I was unable to continue reading this edition, I have ordered the Oxford City Press edition. How can anyone with any morals, or ethics, offer such a poor quality book for sale to retailers?",
60751,__label__1,"Terrible printing: G.K. Chesterton's work deserves a much better printing than this one offered by Wilder Publications. I purchased the paperback copy and was astounded by the number of typos and poor quality of printing. I have to wonder if anyone even proofread this edition before it was printed. Numerous words are spelled wrong throughout the text: ""bad"" for ""had"" and ""modem"" for ""modern"" are just two frequent examples. The type is close together and very difficult to read. Skip this edition and find a quality hardback copy from earlier printings (1950s or 1960s).",
60752,__label__1,"Great Book - Dreadful printing: Chesterton's book is absolutely wonderful...but this printing is dreadful. The 2008 Wilder Publications version of this classic book is ABRIDGED (whether on purpose or by mistake I cannot tell) and contains typographical errors.Several pages of text are missing from the introduction to this book. In the first chapter I found a question mark taking the place of a letter in the middle of a word, several puctuation marks missing, run-on sentances that were not in the author's original work, and paragraphs tied together without breaks.I really want to continue to read this book but the careless editing has made this version too difficult to read.I intend to return this book and purchase the 2011 Complete and Unabridged version from different publisher (The complete and unabridged paperback is also available from Amazon).",
60753,__label__1,Beyond my comprehension: Chesterton was undoubtably a genius. I am certain that this book has great value and meaning but I found it beyond my ability to dig it out. The language is full of idoms and references from late nineteenth and early twentieth century England which I could not comprehend without tremendous effort. I gave up on it.,
60754,__label__1,"could not understand it: I am a beginner Catholic! this book was very hard for me to read, as I did not understand it. I did not read very much of it. Thanks",
60755,__label__1,"Not the work, but the publishing!: Bottom line: Love the work, hate the editors and printers.This book (especially the first 30 pages) is rife with printing errors, misplaced punctuation, and phantom paragraphs. Who edited this book?!The work itself is truly brilliant. Evolutionary thought has come a long way from the theory of slow and rolling accent to punctuated equilibrium, but don't let the limited knowledge of science stop the argument. I think the brilliance of the work comes from the pure questioning of what science and the men of Chesterton's age are getting at. Chesterton is the gadfly.",
60756,__label__1,"Was this published in a basement?: Don't get me wrong - it's a great book, but this edition is awful. It has amateur written all over it. There are far too many words per page. The font, line spacing, and margins are too small. This makes reading extremely tedious and annotations difficult. Second, there are an inexcusable number of typographical errors. Third, the page numbers are in the bottom center. Fourth, the cover is poorly designed. The front picture covers half the spine, and the font on the back blurb is disproportionately large.",
60757,__label__1,"poor publishing: I love the work and writing, but this particular edition is rife with typos. I would recommend another publisher.",
60758,__label__1,"Great Book, Lousy Edition: Chesterton's Everlasting Man is my favorite book. Its writing and argument are superb. Read Surprised By Joy, and you will learn how Everlasting Man was the crucial intellectual piece bringing C.S. Lewis back to Christianity. If you are a fan of C.S. Lewis's apologetics, read Chesterton and ""go up higher and in!""I can read virtually any passage aloud at random and be delighted.Chesterton's masterpiece is ""five stars plus;"" this edition is a problem. Extremely inexpensive, it suffers from lack of editing. I suspect it was scanned without a fastidious proofreading. While the publisher's goals are praiseworthy (to make an edition so inexpensive, more Evangelicals would read it), the errors mar the work and reduce the reader's confidence in the text.Ignatius has a nice edition that is not much more expensive.Does anyone know of an edition with a good index? Is there an edition of Surprised by Joy with an index?",
60759,__label__1,"Review of this edition only: Book appears to be based on a scan of a previous printing. There are many errors making it difficult to read. For example ""bad"" is substituted for ""had"" consistently. Sentences break and new paragraphs start without good reason. None of the original copyright info is included, this is a 2008 edition, which leads me to believe that it has expired.",
60760,__label__1,"Very Poor Edition: This edition is full of spelling and punctuation errors, which are very distracting. A disservice to Mr. Chesterton's fine work. I recommend buying a copy from a different publisher.",
60761,__label__1,"Terrible edition of a terrific book: The Everlasting Man is Chesterton at his most delightful and insightful, but slogging through this edition is a nightmare. There are literally hundreds of typographical errors, punctuation marks in peculiar places, incidents of missing text, and a dense, difficult font. Watch out for this publisher.",
60762,__label__1,"Great Writing, Horrible Layout: This book is excellent. I am a lover of Chesterton. However, if you want to read The Everlasting Man, this is not the edition to buy. The layout is horrible, as can even be seen by looking at the back cover, and the book must be a scan because the missing punctuation and the b's that are supposed to be h's and the other way around are horribly frequent.",
60763,__label__1,"Too confusing, too complicated: I couldn't even finish this book it was so hard to follow. I'm sure Chesterton's arguments are gerat, if I could understand them. He is speaking from the perspective of an Englishman in 1925, while I am an American college student in 2011. This book is by an intellectual elite and written for intellectual elites. Definitely not for the layman.",
60764,__label__2,"If you only read one by Chesterton - read The Everlasting Man: A stunning and brilliant work - Christ as the hinge of history and culture. When I was choosing btw books by Chesterton, I asked for advice from Fr. John McCloskey, then head of the Catholic Information Center in Washington, DC. I was considering ""Orthodoxy"" and ""The Everlasting Man,"" and I asked Fr. M which one he'd recommend, if I had to choose. He said 'they are both excellent, but...""The Everlasting Man"" is Chesterton at the height of his maturity.",
60765,__label__1,"I should have read the reviews first!: Having read this book before, I felt no need to read the reviews before purchasing it. BIG MISTAKE! I returned it the day after I received it. The work itself is a masterpiece, but (as others have said) this edition has so many typographical errors and portions of missing text due to poor editing, that it makes it virtually unreadable and incomprehensible. For example, just click on the 'look inside' and notice that the preface is not only incomplete, but ends mid-sentence with a question mark. I finally gave up when I was reading and came across a question mark in the middle of a word. By all means, read the book, but not from this publisher.",
60766,__label__1,"Typos: I love most of Chesterton's works and this is no exception. The typos, however, made it hard to read a took away from the experience, it was very frustrating. I highly recommend that you read this book but urge you to get it from a different publisher.",
60767,__label__1,"good book/bad edition: I picked up this ""Wilder"" 2008 edition because I was interested in Chesterton. The writing does not disappoint, but this edition does. Replete with typos and no helpful commentary, there must be better editions out there.",
60768,__label__1,"Poorly edited: This book has editing errors on every page. A classic and a great read, but not from this publisher.",
60769,__label__2,"Somewhat verbose, but excellent: I once heard that G.K. Chesterton's method of composition consisted of reading several books on a subject, then dictating his thoughts aloud to his secretary. Such a modus operandi, if true, would explain why Chesterton's works are sometimes a bit wordy, as though no one had edited them to prune the excess verbiage. The Everlasting Man is a loquacious monologue where the style is occasionally irritating, but if you can look past this minor shortcoming, The Everlasting Man is an outstanding apologetic for Christianity. It is a pleasure to recommend this book for consideration, because Chesterton had a real knack for revealing the truth in a surprising and often paradoxical method. His books are not ""dry"", but lively, full of wit, fun, good humor, and fine reasoning. C.S. Lewis thought highly of The Everlasting Man, and after reading it, I can understand why.",
60770,__label__1,"Great Book. Terrible Edition.: This will be brief. Buy the Ignatius edition. For an explanation, see most 1* reviews.",
60771,__label__1,"Just ok: The book covers the subject matter very broadly, but lacks in-depth detail and practical applications. It could be more concise in sections (especially about the author)and more in-depth in usage, application, and research.",
60772,__label__1,"Oy!: This is the second book I have decided to review. I have decided to do so inorder that others may avoid my mistake. The book is banal. It goes on and on, creating category after category of needless taxonomies. Nothing even slightly new or interesting. Additionally it suffer the problem of all ""internet"" books. It was hoplessly outdated by the ime it hit thw shelves. Someone exceptionaly tiresome wrote a phd thesis, invented jargon and then decided to turn it into a book.",
60773,__label__2,great book: This is a great book filled with examples and great info I bought this a while ago. good book,
60774,__label__2,"awesome book: Anyone who enjoys technology should enjoy this book. I would even recommend that it be a college coarse in any technology program. I bought the book for factual reading, but enjoyed it over all and finished it in about 3 days. BJ Fogg has some great ideas and theories and is a true leader in this subject matter. As technology becomes more intergrated in our lives the knowledge of this subject matter will become more important. Highly recommend!",
60775,__label__2,"Boys Just Love To Have Fun: My boys love this game. Not only are they learning the fundamentals of the game, but they are learning the different players on their favorite team. When we heard that Gamecube was not making a 2007 version we were a little disappointed. Once we received the game, all of that disappointed went away. My boys are enjoying it tremendously and their father is enjoying teaching them about the game.",
60776,__label__2,"Great baseball game!: This is the best baseball game i've ever played. It's the last one for GameCube, which is sad, but it's also the best. Good gameplay, presentation, graphics are good for the system, the dynasty mode it's complete (you can even force trades!). Anyway, i've played other baselball games, but this one is definitely the best!",
60777,__label__2,Crocheting: This is a terrific video for anyone who is a visual learner. You can take it slow & go back to segments. I'm a novice to crocheting so this video is perfect for me.,
60778,__label__2,"Excellent source for beginner crochet: I had only a book to learn from and my starting chains were a mess. This video made it very clear what I was doing wrong, how to fix it, and how to balance my stitch out so that it looked like crochet, not making knots in yarn.The video's are extremely detailed and take you through the process step by step for each of the 5 stitches that it teaches in the video. Once you get these down, learning a new stitch is very easy.The only negative I would say is that for a DVD, I would have liked for them to have spent a little more time taking me through the patterns that come with the book. To help you read them, and understand them, and basically bring together the lessons on stitching, with the nomenclature used for writing patterns, with the act of actually putting that into stitches. But I guess that is left as a ""user exercise"".All in all, Excellent DVD. Worth every penny",
60779,__label__1,Disappointed Indeed: If I had known that this DVD was all I was going to get I would have purchased a used one. This DVD was supposed to have 4 different colors of yarn and instructions to crochet a project. That was one of the MAIN reasons I bought it new form Amazon. But all that came in the mail was the DVD. It is hard to crochet a project if you don't have the supplies to do it with. Very Disappointed Indeed!!,
60780,__label__2,"FANTASTIC!!!: Very in depth instruction on crocheting! I'm very pleased with this DVD! I already know the basics (how to make a chain), but after that I'm lost. I've tried looking at books, but I need to physically see someone doing the stitches. My grandmother and mother are pros when it comes to crocheting, however, they work too fast for me to really see how they're making the stitches. Now that I have this DVD, I can roll with them! Highly recommended!!",
60781,__label__2,"Clear and Informative Without Personality: Overall, I would recommend this DVD. It is a little bit confusing to navigate due to the multiple and nested menu/index screens. Each segment is short and returns you to the menu screen when it finishes playing. Don't expect to sit back and play this all of the way through.Melissa is very professional, but is devoid of personality. She is robotic, but informative and clear. She does not smile. You cannot tell if she likes or hates to crochet.All of the information is presented in a way that is easy to grasp the concepts. The video and sound are fine. The lighting is flat. The close-ups of Melissa's hands and yarn are clear and easy to see. Instructions are detailed and comprehensive.",
60782,__label__2,"This DVD is Fabulous!!!: This DVD has everything you need to begin crocheting. Even if you're a beginner, pop this DVD in and you'll be on your way within minutes! I Can't Believe I'm Crocheting has everything you need to get started and has an excellent reference guide to help you get past common roadblocks. This DVD makes it really easy to dive into the world of crochet and the projects are totally fun!...definitely a good buy!",
60783,__label__2,"Great for beginners!!: It is great for beginners, great close ups. I learned new stitches quickly. I would recommend this to everyone.",
60784,__label__2,"Replace or buy another crochet hook kit: Everything in this kit is great except the crochet hook. It doesn't even say what size it is, but after I bought a kit I matched it and I think it was like a size h or something... i don't remember... Anyways the crochet hook is the only real bad thing in this kit. Plus the fact that the patterns require the different hooks that isn't even that size on the crochet hook... seriously if your going to make a kit, you should provide everything we need or at least warn us on the case that we'll have to buy more crochet hooks. I didn't really mind that much because I already owned those crochet hooks, it's just that if someone didn't know how to check the sizes of the hooks, or that different hooks were different sizes, it'd confuse them and that is why I gave this kit 4 stars.",
60785,__label__1,"laughable: You pray,buy this book,and the Oral Roberts clone,Mr snake oil salesman, gets rich. What fools most of you greedy morons are.",
60786,__label__1,"An original work of trash: This book should be made to serve its highest purpose and used to light a fire in the cold of winter.The author has successfully managed to take an entire collection of false teachings, repackage it and somehow sell a couple copies. This is no ordinary accomplishment, it takes a special author to accomplish this.A literary joke and doctrinal travesty!",
60787,__label__1,Very Disappointed!: I purchased the cassette version of this book and cannot tell you how BAD it was. VERY BORING!! I forced myself thru the second cassette (out of four) and then retrieved it from the trash can where I threw it and then returned the entire product!,
60788,__label__2,"This is the single best success book I have ever read.: If you only buy one success book in your entire life buy this one. Its that good. Depending on your background each person will receive a slightly different message. One will learn why he is permitted to succeed, another why half of your financial harvest comes from less than 10 percent of your effort, and still another that success is a result of value, value to those who use your product or service thus providing value to you, your family and associates. I feel so strongly about this book that I keep a supply in my office for friends and associates.",
60789,__label__2,"This is a true original: A friend recommended this book to me and said it was well worth my time. I found out he wasn't overselling. When you read this book, you're likely to have several ""A-ha!"" experiences. Expect your assumptions about gaining wealth and the meaning of success to be challenged. Examples: Success means deliverance from a past that limits us. Also, wealth is a neutral, though powerful, tool. We need more people of faith to have wealth and use it for wholesome causes. Gaylord writes from a very fresh and independent perspective. You won't find him repeating or mirroring the ideas of other authors in this field. This is a true original. Success-seekers (of whatever persuasion) and Christian believers will both alike profit from reading this book. Gaylord Briley has written a book with simple, powerful ideas that are anything but simplistic.",
60790,__label__1,"Oh, The Horror: Anyone who thinks the point of Christianity or Judaism, or any genuine spiritual path, is the acquisition of money is practicing idolatry. Anyone who publishes a book about it is simply profiting off that idolatry, which in my reading of spiritual history is truly the world's oldest profession.The other ""oldest profession"" is a far more honorable line of work.",
60791,__label__2,"Classic Never Goes Out of Style: This is an interesting read, of historical value and a pretty good guide to some basic valve amplification circuits. The power amps described are all push/pull so if you're looking for a class-A single-ended design, this isn't your source. Still, it's worth keeping in your library. At sixty dollars it's a bit pricey but at the cover price of $16.95 would be quite reasonable if it were still available. Oh wait. It is still available from Parts Express and it's even discounted so now you don't have to agonize over the expense. I'm still kicking myself over that one.",
60792,__label__2,"A Useful Cookbook: I did not have any illusions about the content of this book, because whats inside is mentioned in the excellent -Principles of Power-.If you are a tube electronics enthusiast, and want to have good reference material, this book is definitely worth the money. it is NOT a Manual on electronics or tube theory, but a collection of schematics using Mullard Tubes. I'm the kind of person who can't have too many books of schematics, and I'd definitely recommend this one for a collection.NOTE!: Its a reprinting, and has a different cover, but looks good and is clear and legible...Lastly, my book came from Powell's books here in Oregon, and the 1st copy was lost in the mail. They were fantastic to deal with, and sent out another copy expedited. I'd DEFINITELY buy more books from them.",
60793,__label__1,"what a waste: what a waste! very trite, rather like sitting in a freshman education college classroom! seems like after 40 years we could have something ""real world"" schoolwise, to think about from h.k. his earlier books were much more insightful and had greater depth. in fact, i bought this book on the authors ""name"" alone....i will never do that again!!!",
60794,__label__2,"GOOD BOOK FOR EVERYONE: Dear AMAZON,Thank you very much for this book.Excellent, very good printed and beautiful book.Very usefull for musicians and other intellectual people.Vakhtang,Georgia",
60795,__label__2,"Master and Commander - The Far Side of the World: Based on Patrick O'Brian's renowned seafaring adventure novels, Peter Weir's ""Master"" delivers an intimate, seemingly accurate portrayal of rugged life on the high seas, limited in creature comforts but rich in camaraderie. You can practically smell the salt air and taste the rum. Crowe makes a commanding but compassionate hero, and his friendship with ship doctor and scientist Stephen Maturin (Paul Bettany), who'd like Aubrey to slow down so he can collect samples of unknown species, provides some interesting character by-play between the full-bore battle sequences. In all, a flavorful, bracing adventure, suitable for family viewing.",
60796,__label__2,"The Perfect 1800s Naval War Video: This movie amazed me after the first war scene. It's not the blood and all that that interests me. It's the insight into the 1800s and the exquisite storyline that kept me watching it over and over. Such as the naval command that they used, the fine weaponry they showed, Dr. Maturin's quest to find his flightless bird, and you can't forget the jokes!'In the service, one must always pick the lesser of 2 weevils!'",
60797,__label__2,"Rivetting!: A true must-see for any wartime & maritime action movie lover! Peter Weir has done an excellent job of bringing Patric O'Brian's masterieces on to the widescreen. Great acting, great special effects and outstanding soundtrack and music! Truth to tell, I watched the movie and then read the Books ""Master and Commander"" and ""Far Side of the World"" - plus I ordered 3 more books of the series from this site!In this movie one can trully experience life onboard a napoleonic period warship - all the hardships, malnutrition and injuries that the crew faced on a daily basis.Ok, it is true that many alterations have been made to the plot for the film version (which is of course an amalgamation of the two books mentioned above) but they are completely understandable for this purpose.The ending of the film left me wanting more though, and I am looking forward to a part II of this movie! It is without question the best thing after ""Captain Horatio Hornblower"" with Gregory Pec",.
60798,__label__2,"Rollicking Entertainment: I finally got a chance to see this movie and I was not disappointed. I was unfamiliar with the source novels (Patrick O'Brian's novels) but it didn't matter much. This is a movie that takes you back to the days of Captain Blood or the Sea Hawk.Finely made in every way (10 Oscar nominations), Russel Crowe is terrific in the part of Capt. Jack Aubrey and Paul Bettany is great as his friend and alter ego Dr. Stephen Maturin. Kudos especially go to Max Pirkis in the role of the very young midshipman Blakeney. This is not a movie with a message but one made for entertainment's sake and it does that on a grand level.Highly recommended!!",
60799,__label__2,"Great Voyage Adventure.: Master and Commander is a great voyage adventure that has not been seen in Hollywood for ages. Russell Crowel is fantastic as the leader of a navel vessel that is on the run from napoleon ships who want to sink it. The great casts of characters that occupy the ship are full of great actors, including Paul BettanyAnd James D'Arcy. I have not seen epic of this grand scale in ages, and I hope they continue to make more.",
60800,__label__2,"Great Sea Story: Master and Commander is a fine movie for fans of sea stories in general as well as fans of Patrick O' Brien's books. The movie draws from several of the books, but remains pretty faithful to the stories. The dialog is a little difficult to follow until you get used to it. Now go and read the books!!",
60801,__label__2,"Master And Commander The Far Side Of The World: ""Master and Commander"" was a great guy's flick - intense battle scenes, rugged sailors aboard a ship (indeed, most of the film takes place on the ship except for a brief time on the Galapagos), surviving a storm and drought, and other challenges.The acting by Russell Crowe and several other characters was great and I would imagine would be realistic for a ship crew during that time period. At a little over 2 hours, the film seemed to breeze along smoothly and was enjoyable the whole time.The basic plot is an English ship trying to capture or sink a French ship during the time of Napoleon. Without giving away the ending, I will tell you that the action was riveting and the film kept my interest.Watch and enjoy this ""guy's flick"" - okay, some women will enjoy it too!Recommended.",
60802,__label__2,"Top flight entertainment: Very realistic and accurate story of the British Navy during the Napoleanic Wars. Actually filmed on a real replica of a British Frigate, the HMS Rose was acquired for the movie and refit in Ensenada Mexico. Re-named the HMS Surprise, she still sails San Diego Bay. Russell Crowe created a vivid and accurate portrayal of the ship's captain. Don't miss it !",
60803,__label__2,love it: Great movie. I loved it. Russell Crowe is great in this movie. I love it. I would recommend this movie to you,
60804,__label__2,"Real movie making marked by characters: It's great characterization that make great stories and this film is a great story well told. The major character - His Majesty's Ship - is a creature who we meet at night as Russell Boyd's brilliant camera glides over and through her. We immediately are conscious of claustrophobic innards, her movement, and the complexity of her makeup manifest by the hundreds of ropes, knots, stays, that encase her, thread through her. We get a fish eye view as she weighs anchor. We listen to her groans, creaks,sighs - literally a breathing thing.Much of the joy of the novels is the attention to detail which give the works an authenticity - Peter Weir has achieved a similar success in his attention to detail. A brilliant journey. Oh yes, the actors are fine. The story exciting. The ""special effects"" believable.",
60805,__label__2,Love this Movie wish they had made the others: I love this movie the scenery and sets are just breath taking. The plot is witty and suspenseful. A ton of fun. Russell Crowe is excellent for this role. Highly enjoyed the movie. I wish they had made some of the other books into movies as well. I would have enjoyed learning more about Lucky Jack and the crew of the Surprise.,
60806,__label__2,A cool sea story: Master and Commander: Great to see this film again. And read the book to. I recommend to anyone looking for a great adventure story.,
60807,__label__1,"Pretty boats: I really, really, really wanted to like this movie. Not only did it get great reviews, but it is set on a wooden square rigger. The golden age of sail! There were all these stories about how Peter Weir did all this research to really get the authenticity. Wow! I thought. Well, all that doesn't amount to squat if you don't have a story or characters that are interesting. And what about a cohesive timeline? One day they are off the coast of brazil, then next in the cape, having the same conversation! Who was it that died overboard when poor Crowe had to cut the mast off? It took a few minutes to figure out what was happening every new scene. Those boats are pretty though . . .Rent Horatio Hornblower instead.",
60808,__label__1,"Master and commander- movie reminds me of...: This is Exactly like Moby Dick. only the difference is they are chasing after a ship and not a whale. hello, a big lacking in originality bit time.I was disappointed, like watching a movie for the second time.if you saw the most recent Moby Dick movie. Don't rent this unless you want a repeat of the same old same old..",
60809,__label__1,"O'Brian would gag!: I have been an avid reader of the Aubrey-Maturin series.O'Brian was a purist and developed intense, believable characters. This film, unfortunately disappoints. The inane mis-casting of Russell Crowe, with his innapropriate Aussie drawl, is the biggest flaw. He in now way portrays the original character, either in stature or speech.The same can be said for Maturin, who is the ""raison d'etre"" for most of the missions undertaken by H.M.S. Surprise. If one wishes to see the fullness of this crime, read the series.I was soooo dismayed to see this in the theaters. The entire emphasis seems to be on the visual aspects of this work, which standing on their own are creditable, although lacking in many ways to show the immensity of the seafarer's world in Aubrey's time. I can only pray, that like ""Mutiny on The Bounty"", this great epoch will be revisited by artists with clearer intellect and vision. Sorry, but I can not recommend this juvenile epic in any regard.",
60810,__label__1,"Disappointing Video Quality: This review is for those of you who already know this is a great movie with a great soundtrack...but are considering upgrading from a DVD to this Blu Ray for an expected boost in video quality.Don't bother with this ""upgrade."" The video quality of this blu ray is no better than my DVD (tested on a 60 inch plasma HDTV). Very disappointing...",
60811,__label__2,"A terrific movie! But don't expect Pirates of the Caribbean: I've read all the Aubrey-Maturin novels by Patrick O'Brian, and this movie stays true to their style. This is not a swashbuckler. It is the story of the extraordinary friendship of two men set against the backdrop of the Napoleonic wars. The movie, like the books, is in no rush to tell the tale. In fact, the sometime slow pace of the movie adds to the feeling of authenticity. This is a great movie, but the hardcore action movie buffs will probably be disappointed.",
60812,__label__2,"I've read the books: I have indeed read the books and re-read Master and Commander and The Far Side of the World prior to hopping down to the local theater to review the movie. I must say that I was not disappointed at all. Quite the contrary.The characters and plot were masterfully brought to life by the actors, writers and directors. Almost all books are short-sheeted by their movies but it's the spirit of the books that must be adhered to. Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World definitely came with that distinct Patrick O'Brian spirit.If you've got [money] and 2 hours to spare - go see this movie.",
60813,__label__2,"Pretty good movie: Master And Commander wasn't too shabby. Although I am no Naval Historian, I have seen other peroid pieces (Horatio Hornblower Series, etc...), and they were better in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, the movie was entertaining, but it lacked more action. The final battle scene could have used a little more work also. I understand that close quarter battle needs to look confining, but from a viewer standpoint, it would have been more enjoyable if you could have seen more of the fight. Not quite the epic masterpiece that a lot of people say that it is, but it was entertaining.",
60814,__label__1,"Thar she blows: I can't believe the over the top reviews for this one. This would have been a great Sunday afternoon TV flick in the late 80s but nothing more. Lots of sailing, drinking and gore (not that there is anything wrong with that mind you) but there was just no compelling storyline arround it. This was painfully long to watch. Swimming lizzards and birds that won't fly, however fascinating, seemed to be odly out of place it was more like Gladiator meets the nature channel. It seemed to me that Russel said 'Hey, I like the Galapagos Islands and sailing, so lets do something there', I usually like his work, but that thing stunk.",
60815,__label__1,"Master Of Crapness: This film is what I expected, a generic Hollywood style film. So, I wasnt suprised, but I was suprised by how many people love this film. It is disgustipating! Crowe looks like a girlie with his gay pony tail, what a looser.",
60816,__label__1,"seriously.: brilliant special effects. worst. plot. ever. if you like huge circles with no conclusion AT ALL (it's seriously a huge circular plot that sucks) and not being entertained (as well as the use of the ""periscope shot"" at least 28 times), then this movie is for you. if you actually like good movies, then stay away from this.",
60817,__label__1,"1 dimensional: I thought this movie was very tedious. It had one decent battle scene at the beginning and a marginal battle scene at the end. Everything in the middle was uninteresting filler. They spent more time on the Galapagos islands then anywhere else looking at animal specimens that I couldn't care less about. If I wanted that I'd have watched Jaques Cousteau. I was expecting a movie about wooden naval ships, but those were more of a background scene in this movie. The character of the captain was also as shallow and see through as plastic wrap. All the other characters around him has to tell the audience how great the captain is because the captain character sure couldn't demonstrate it on his own. The political correctness was also nauseating. Make better use of your time and money by checking out something else.",
60818,__label__1,"Flotsam (seagoing trash): This movie is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who has read the books on which it claims to have been based, or who knows anything about 18th-19th century naval warfare before ironclads.",
60819,__label__1,"A pitiful display of directing and acting.: This film was perchance one of the worst I have ever had the displeasure of viewing. To begin with, the cinema at which I saw this film was filthy. Refuse and spilled drink were ubiquitous, rendering the floor sticky and thus completely abhorrent. The staff was terrible, and they all had a terrible attitude. Furthermore, the man who was selling the popcorn was a racist, and his relentless taunts will remain in my mind for the rest of my life. As for the film, it was quite enjoyable, and quite worthy of the Academy Award (TM) nomination it garnered. In summation, I would recommend this film to all those enjoy a film with a talented cast and wonderful direction; just don't see it at the Odeon in Leicester Square, London, UK, SW4.",
60820,__label__1,"I CANT BELIEVE HOW BAD THIS MOVIE IS!: Let me make this quick and simple: This movie is completely overrated!All the Action happens in the first and last 10 minutes, the 2 hours in between are so boring and annoying (music) that I almost stopped watching it.Do yourself a favour and rent this first!!!",
60821,__label__2,An inspiring adventure!!: This was such a great film! I think it's one of the top three films of 2003! It was so historically accurate and entertaining! I highly suggest it!,
60822,__label__2,The French Actually put up a fight: Great swashbuckeling movie in the ilk of any Flynn movie you might see. The visuals are fantastic and the rolling of the ocean will almost make you loose your grog. This is also the last time you will ever see the French actually fight in a battle without first surrendering...Two big thumbs up!,
60823,__label__1,"Master and Commander DVD: When I put the DVD into my lap top to play it yesterday, it wouldn't play! All my computer was doing was trying to load it, thinking, making noise. I thought then that it was my lap top so I removed the DVD and tried another movie, which worked perfectly. I was very excited to get this movie and very disappointed at this outcome. :/",
60824,__label__1,Poor Copy: Very poor copy. Too dark to see in many parts.No more DVDs from Amazon. I will buy thiselsewhere,
60825,__label__1,"Damaged case, DVD in questionable condition: The DVD plays fine, but the case won't hold the disk in the center anymore because the plastic broke. The DVD doesn't have deep scratches, but the light scratches on the surface make you wonder what happened to it.",
60826,__label__1,"An absolute bore: I was extremely disapointed in this movie. It was soooooooo boring. It started off with a battle. Then it dragged on and on and ended in a battle. Plus, the ending was one of the worst I have ever seen.",
60827,__label__1,"God, it was long...: Okay, now, in all fairness to this movie, I didn't watch the entire thing. I couldn't. I sat through the first several hours, and it was slow and tedious. I didn't care about any of the characters, and there was no action whatsoever. Five or six hours in, a pseudo-interesting thing happened involving a the cabin-boy, I think. That kept me watching for a while longer. But hour 10, I gave up. I realized nothing exciting was ever going to happen; and I'd grown to loathe all of the characters. I'd also grown a beard. It was looong.-SteveSteve5805@yahoo.comEdit: oh come on people, two people said this review wasn't helpful? I dared to say what no one else would: that this movie is long. And mundane. And dull. Well, I didn't say those other two things, but it was sort of implied.",
60828,__label__1,Not worth the rental: The movie was poorly produced. The plot stinks and you have action at the beginning and end and not a lot in between. If you like naval warfare movies then maybe this is your thing but it is not something I will be adding to my DVD collection.,
60829,__label__1,THIS MOVIE IS SO BORING: all i have to say is anything you really want to see in this movie can be seen in the previews. thats how sad it was. my date and i both fell asleep. the first part is ok. from there its just downhill. not even rent worthy!,
60830,__label__1,"Completely Overrated: Initially, I did not want to see this film, however, after seeing the trailer, I thought that there was enough action and adventure to keep the film interesting. I should have trusted my first instinct.As it turns out, all the action is in the first 10 minutes and the last 10 minutes. Unfortunately, the two hours in between is as boring and vapid as any movie since The English Patient. I would have left this movie had I not been with friends (none of whom enjoyed the film either).",
60831,__label__1,"Is it possible to rate it 0 stars??: This has got to be one of the most overrated and boring films of all time. I went in expecting a movie that would deliver a good story about a naval battle and the such. I left the theater feeling ripped off. The movie spends a painfully long amount of time on useless and irrelevant little stories about so called ""Life on the sea"". This film shouldn't even be described as a Full length movie. It should be described as a very long documentary (read dull and slow) about naval life paired with a mini action short. The only thing that kept us from falling asleep during the film was the nicely done cinematography.IMO, don't waste your time and money.",
60832,__label__1,"don't waste your money: this is a horrible poor excuse for an action/war movie. i've only shut off 3 movies in my whole life without finishing them and this is one of them and i watch plenty of movies, i own over 400 dvds. the movie appears to be awesome from the previews, but this is a trick to get you to see it. after watching this for a little over an hour, i wanted to rip my hair out of my head because it was rediculously boring. i would give this negative stars if i could. russell crowe is an excellent actor, but hopefully he chooses better roles in the future after this one.",
60833,__label__1,"The only Russell Crowe movie that I've disliked!: This was the worst excuse for a movie! A plot that really made no sense, this movie seemed to be made so that we could see how cute Russell Crowe looked in uniform and enjoy the battle scenes. While I love, and own, several of his other movies, I totally disliked this movie, and will probably not watch it again, let alone recommend it to others. It's so bad, that I'm sure Russell Crowe could not have actually READ the script before he agreed to do the film.",
60834,__label__1,"it should have been left at sea: The acting was a farce, as much as I like to look at Mr Crowe. He should have given this one a miss and let some one more capable take the helm",
60835,__label__1,"dissapointing: If you just want to see how the people lived, joked and dressed during napoleonic times, it's a good movie. If you want to watch an action movie, or a movie that has a line to follow and will keep you on the edge of your seat, look elsewhere. This is not the movie. It's more documentary type than anything else. Not worth the money to rent it!",
60836,__label__1,"Worst movie of the year: This movie should not have gotten the credit that it did. it may have had good art direction and costume designs but that does not make a good movie. Master and Commander was filled with a boaring plot, very few and very dull battle sequences, and scene after scene at the dinner table that make doing bifunctional equations seem interesting. Watching this movie was probably the worst thing I have done all year, including cutting off my own legs and beating myself with them.(...)",
60837,__label__1,"A big fat wash up: I was looking forward to Russell Crowes performance but this movie did him no justice. What should have tipped me off was the assanine box cover, however I was duped by the clever reviews mentioned thereon. Do not be mislead, this movie is as bad as the art work on the cover. Boring to the point of tears and fatigue I was literally exhausted after watching this movie and had to receive shock treatments to revive my will to live. Do yourselves a favor and stick to ""The Gladiator"".",
60838,__label__1,"Hold your horses, let me explain my rating...: The film itself is very well made and pleasing to watch. Buy it today, by all means.My extreme distaste is to the fact that in the book this is based on, the British actually fight (and beat) an American ship in the war of 1812 (which the poor Brits had to fight at the same time as the Napoleonic war). What's the matter with you Americans? Can't you stand to see a little defeat on the big screen with some great historics to go with it? You won the damn war in the end, anyway! In most historical films the British are portrayed as evil and tyrannical (Braveheart, The Patriot), or else just bumbling, and ultra-posh. What a load of Hollywood Hogwash! It's like in ""The Last Samurai"", where you just have to have some American heroe gloating over victory.Free your minds people! (Take no offence, please. I think Americans are great!)",
60839,__label__1,"and I thought Pearl Harbor was bad...: I was hoping for a lot from this movie and it let me down on all counts. Theres no plot even though it covers several of the books. My father who read the whole series and has never disliked a movie in my memory said he got he best use of his $8 by walking out of the theater an hour in. Those who has read the books will appreciate a few glipses of favorite character but thats all you get. I love Russle Crow but he didnt get much of a chance to act, mainly because there absolutely NO PLOT. However, it is very beautiful, if you enjoy amazing shots of tall ships and ocean watch this movie, thats all there is in it. For me amazing shots of ships in a storm get a little old after an hour, but it just keeps going on, and on and on........",
60840,__label__2,"A REAL GO-TO-SEA ADVENTURE: This motion picture (DVD) is what I call a REAL Go-to-Sea, Action movie.Master and Commander is a CLASSIC look at life aboard a ship-of-war at the dawnings of the 19th century Napoleonic Wars. Russell Crowe is superb in his role as Capt Jack Aubrey. But I would think that 13-year old Max Pirkis as Midshipman Lord Blakeney, came neigh close to stealing the entire show! He is marvelous and for his feat of rendering an endearing and sensitive portrayal of the courageous one-armed Boy-Officer, this movie rates 5-stars. Pirkis is fabulous! Oh yes, do not forget to CRY when his best boyhood friend, Midshipman Calamy is killed in battle. It is a VERY sad scene which will haunt the viewer for a long time.The VISUAL effects are second to none as are the audio effects. You actually SEE what late 18th century/early 19th century solid shot 12-lb cannon balls can do to a ship and what they do NOT do. The sounds are remarkable! A must buy DVD!",
60841,__label__2,"Really good movie!: 4-stars overall, but it is easily one of the best directed movies of the year. It really did gather the tight spaced feel of a warship during the 1800's. The dialogue was annoying, so don't watch for the screenplay. But the set designs, the sound, the editing, and the acting are pretty good. I had some problems with the middle of the film which went a little slow (but so did Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and that was IMO the best picture of 2000). But it picks up at the end with a great battle scene. This isn't a fast paced movie. It takes time to enjoy but its well worth it. 4-stars for the movie. 5-stars for director Peter Weir.",
60842,__label__2,"This Isn't Pirates Of The Carribean!!!: Why do people compare this movie to Pirates of the Caribbean!? It's the exact opposite of Pirates. Life onboard a ship is seen as joyless, cold, dark, and dirty. NOT glamoures! And this movie can actually be taken seriously!I thought this movie was a wonderfully great film! This generation's DasBoot. Very intense and emotional thought out the entire film. Deserves Oscars in every category!!!",
60843,__label__2,"Well Worth The Watch, But Maybe Not The Buy....: To be honest, I'm usually not crazy about movies like this, but this is a total exception for me. It reminded me of Pirates of the Caribbean and Pearl Harbor to some extent, but otherwise is totally original.There are a lot of little stories going on in the main story, which is pretty cool. There's the main story, about the rivalry of the two ships, the friendship story between the doctor and a young boy, and a few others that run on and off in the movie.If you liked movies like Pirates of the Caribbean and Pearl Harbor, this movie is a 'must-watch'. Even if you didn't it's still worth watching. I wouldn't buy it before you have watched it, because it's one of those 'make-or-break' movies, but it's without a doubt worth a five dollar rental.",
60844,__label__2,"Intelligent film: What I loved most about this film is that it doesn't insult the intelligence of the audience but asks the viewer to make the connections. Peter Weir is a brilliant filmmaker who allows the camera to unfold the story. From the opening scene to the final battle, he doesn't allow a lot of exposition where the characters go into lengthy explanation to a dumbed down audience. Every scene is organic and the rich details tell the narrative. The acting is just first rate and Crowe is miraculous when depicting the character's inner conflict. I also love the fact that the dialogue had not been watered down. Sailors exchange with lightning fast speed authentic nautical jargon. By the end of the film one feels fully immmersed in the experience. Great stuff.",
60845,__label__2,"Excellent Movie!: I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. Finally a good made movie, and not trash that runs in theaters nowadays such as Swat or Fast and Furious. This movie is like a movie should be, spontanous, character development etc...I cant see why some people are turned off by the dialogues and the music. Crowe did another masterful job in portraying a real hero, who is able to admit mistakes. If you cant pay attention more than 5 mins this movie is not for you.",
60846,__label__2,"Rollicking good macho BS fun: Russell Crowe is excellent as Captain ""Lucky"" Jack Aubrey, the head of the HMS Surprise. The movie details the skirmishes between the English Surprise and the French war ship, Acheron, set during the Napoleonic war. Captain Aubrey is a study in Leadership Values. He is a classic tragic figure, a hero with a fatal flaw. The revelation of the flaw is quite good but opposed to greek literature, Aubrey is finally triumphant not in overcoming his flaw but in that he is finally victorious (we believe) over the French ship. Oh well, I don't think it was intended to instruct us in higher moral values. Anyway, the movie is beautiful to look at, contains a dash of human interest (however, I did get a bit nervous about the lovely young men who served as midshipmen, etc), shows the comraderie that must have developed on such ships and from my 2004 perspective details daily life on board in an authentic manner. Recommended for a rousing good night of advent",re.
60847,__label__2,"an excellent historical adventure: If you like historically accurate adventure movies, this one is for you. Be prepared, though, for favorite characters to die and for an unusual twist at the end. Russel Crowe portrays Capt. ""Lucky"" Jack Aubrey, who's been given orders to take down a larger and more powerful French warship, and by gosh, he's gonna do it, even with a disabled ship and inexperienced crew. One warning to parents: there are some bloody scenes probably not totally appropriate to young children. Again, this is historically accurate; this is how it was in those days!",
60848,__label__2,"Authentic Fun: The best thing about this movie is they tried to convey what it must have been like aboard a 18th century Naval Frigate (The HMS Surprise). My Uncle who served in WWII said Saving Private Ryan did this for the European battles he was in, but all the military men of Captain Aubrey's day are gone, so we have to take Patrick O'Brian and Peter Wiers word for it. Attention to detail was key in this movie; the costumes, the weevils, the ships rigging and the English Language of the day took you to that time and place. It's a fun movie to watch, so sit down and enjoy the ride.",
60849,__label__2,Great Movie: Big fan of the O'brien books. The movie didn't try to follow any one book. It created a composit story with some of the best characters. O'brien would have been proud of the results.,
60850,__label__2,Great Epic Tale: This picture makes you think you're actually on the HMS Surprise! The casting was superb and the sailors looked like they've been on a ship for years! The soundtrack completes the movie espically thru the battle scenes....you'd swear the cannonball is coming through the TV .I've had a major man-crush with Russell Crow from the Gladiator days and he plays this role without any overdone or unecessary melodramatic overtones.Drawbacks? No sequel made.,
60851,__label__2,"Sailing and action: The best sailing/war movie ever made so far. Touches on a lot of historic events to boot (Darwin and such). The old sailing ship stuff in this movie is so real - movie doesn't play fovorites w/ characters either, pis some folks off",
60852,__label__2,master and commander: this was a good movie although at certain times it does get a little slow. russel crowe is amazing in this movie,
60853,__label__1,"Such a disappointment: After waiting, purchasing, and watching this movie I have no idea why it was granted the accolades it was. Peter Weir is a very good director but has little to work with as Crowe goes beyond character and tries to utter failure to not be a part of the movie but be the movie itself.In Weir movies often the landscape becomes a character in and of itself - think for instance of Picnic at Hanging Rock. However here he loses this advantage and opportunity. I know that the Hollywood money men make decisions to formula but keeping Weir from creating the landscape character of the ship and sea is really inexcusable.A universally poor cast and script lead this film into the depths of mediocrity which is such a shame.",
60854,__label__1,"Very boring ship movie: This was a very boring movie, there wasn't much to keep you on the edge of your seat or to just keep you entertained. Russell Crowe saved this movie from me giving it 1 star. He is definetly one of the best actors out there and should get better movies to showcase his talent in. Without him this movie would have been even worse than it actually was. If you want to see a good ship movie check out Pirates of the Carribean. That is a very entertaining movie and I look forward to the second one. I very much hope there aren't any sequels to Master and Commander.",
60855,__label__1,"A Tired Goose Chase: This is a movie that threw away all the potential it had to be at least better than average. We are introduced to Captain Aubrey and his crew, who are chasing down a French ship and constantly being thwarted. And that's it. By about halfway through the movie, one wonders when this chase will get interesting, or if it will harken back to the good old days of pirate movies, ala Errol Flynn. It does neither. The characters are so bland that the names are even hard to recall.The movie's one redeeming quality, and why I gave it two stars instead of one, was the historical accuracy involved. We get a glimpse into the past that is neither overblown or trite. However, even a documentary needs interesting commentary.",
60856,__label__1,"Well, it's lacking a bit: First of all, I will get my bias out of the way and say I haven't seen that many ""sea"" movies that I have liked. So when I saw this one, and came to realize that it is more about the relationship of two characters, Russel Crowe (Captain) and Paul Bettany (ship's surgeon,) then I realized I just did not like it. Now this one isn't a creative mental movie like Crowe's earlier part was in A Beautiful Mind, and it lacked the action in Gladiator. Those aspects gave the other movies the acclaim that they received. This one however leaves fighting as a tie-in to all the events going on in their busy personal lives, raise sail here, swab deck there. Give it a chance; because open-minded is better than close-minded, still I felt personally disappointed by the movie more than anything.",
60857,__label__1,"Great Movie if you are....: Great movie if you are a single male, in your 50s, and own a boat. Otherwise, paint drying is more exciting. Dull, dull, dull.I think the Patrick O'Brian's estate should sue. His books are lively, humourous, exciting and, well, had a story. Not this movie.""No women allowed"" should be on the cover of this DVD. My girlfriend was so bored that I am condemned to three ""chick flicks"" for picking this stinker. Thanks Master and Commander.",
60858,__label__1,"*Yawn*: My goodness! I'm still asleep after watching this movie! If you're having trouble sleeping, try this snooze fest. It'll knock you right out. I almost fell asleep several times in the theater. It was hard to get into the movie and difficult to understand a word they're saying with that accent! So basically the whole thing was confusing and it lost my interest. I couldn't wait until it was over. The beginning battle scene was exciting... then the movie went downhill from there. I got tired of seeing the same things over and over again, sailing, more sailing, feasting, and mumbling words. Not sure why critics rave about it so much. Just warning people out there not to waste money on this dull dud.",
60859,__label__1,"It's boring: This movie is boring. There's nothing here that I like. I know people like it because of the pyschology and the emotion depicited in the film. Somehow, it does not appeal to me.",
60860,__label__1,"Won't work in Europe: I ordered this BluRay from Germany, but unfortunately it won't work n my BD Player (PS3) because it proteced with a stupid region Code.Now what sense does it make to protect BluRays that are also available in Europe and partially older releases?Well, be advised european customers, DO NOT buy this BD unless your player can handle it (there is only very few)...",
60861,__label__1,"Master and Commander: CThe biggest problem with this movie is ""Crowe"" he cannot act! The story is a little far fetched and not believable.",
60862,__label__1,"Travesty: This movie is an insult to the author and the casting stinks...a hobbit for Coxswain, just WRONG! Either do the series, or don't...don't mash several books together and ruin it all.",
60863,__label__1,"enjoyable and exciting it's NOT: Sorry fellas I gotta keep it real. This film is so incredibly boring it almost put me to sleep.(Like a sweet rocka bye-baby melody)Theres like zero action and like 2 scene changes, the ship and the little rock island. The one battle scene is a joke too. This is just a horrible attempt. I even had a hard time understanding the dialog. My mistake is that I bought it before I watched it, I wanted to like this movie so bad and I had high expectations for it. Thank God I was able to unload my copy for 6 bucks, I just wish I could have the time I wasted watching it back. I'd give it a quarter of a star if I could. Horrible! Too much talking and playing violins (Hee Haw !!!) This one sucks bad...Real Bad!!",
60864,__label__1,"Fox is the pits: even at a discounted price of 28 dollars - it feels like an enormous jip by Fox to assume blu-ray buyers would fork out that much for SO LITTLE - for the film... fine... but for so few supplements - that's highway robbery. Shame on you Fox, shame! 'Predator' was mentioned, but 'Commando' was omitted as being another lame attempt by Fox, 'Master and Commander' continues the trend.",
60865,__label__1,"ON THE GOOD SHIP LOLLIPOP: About as much fun as playing with your toy boats in the bathtub. These 19th Century British military seamen seem better suited for Never-Never Land and a bottle of rum, given their ridiculous offensive war strategies of disguising the ship and building dummy ships to fool the enemy. I've had better ideas in 'Stratego'. There's a flogging, a tormented officer, an amputation, sentimental characters getting killed, and a good-hearted commander who will stop at nothing to destroy his Napoleonic archenemy. The only thing missing is a great white whale to smash the whole thing to smithereens. Given the current state of seafaring movies, if this were a ride at Disneyland, it would be the safe, innocuous Dumbo elephant ride.",
60866,__label__1,"Couldn't understand a word they said...: My husband and I bought this and eagerly sat down to enjoy it. We found the noise level in the movie coupled with the heavy British accents made it impossible to understand what they were saying. We are not old or hard of hearing, either! This definitely detracted from our enjoyment to the point that we were glad when it finally ended. The cinematography is exceptional. The story was hard to follow (mostly because we couldn't understand the dialog). If there had been subtitles it would have helped! Maybe we are the only people reviewing this who had this problem, but I am reporting honestly our reaction.",
60867,__label__1,"Wooooowwww! this movie sucked!: I was hoping to sea an epic, sea adventure with loads of realistic violence. Instead, I got A freakin' 2 and a half hour long boring movie. The only action was at the beginning, and the end. The movie is a failed effort. WARNING: THIS MOVIE SUCKED, YOU WILL BE EXTREMELY BORED, SO IF YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOOD FOR YOU, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS FILM!",
60868,__label__2,Fantastic movie!: Masters and Commanders is an excellent movie. Its portrayal of life at sea at that time seems very realistic. Wonderful acting. Very interesting movie.,
60869,__label__2,"""Do you want a guillotine in Piccadilly? No!"": Set in 1806, MASTER AND COMMANDER follows British Captain Jack Aubrey (Russell Crowe) as he sails his ship, the HMS Surprise, toward Cape Horn in pursuit of a French frigate known as the Acheron, which had previously attacked the Surprise. Despite the fact that the Acheron is larger, carries more guns, and has a larger crew, Aubrey convinces his men to begin a chase that takes them across two oceans around South America.Russell Crowe gives a stunning performance as the lead character. I was completely drawn into in this film and the war came alive on the big screen. With very few exceptions I am not a fan of the action genre, but I have to admit that this movie stands out from the crowd.",
60870,__label__2,"A Truly Entertaining Movie: First of all --- don't listen to the naysayers who have trashed this film with their silly 1, 2, and 3-star reviews. Most of those reviews are either totally unobjective or so nitpicky that you wonder if the reviewer has ever enjoyed ANY movie!!Also, for the reviewers who have criticized the movie because ""it's not like the book"" --- when have you ever seen a film that captured the entire essence of the book(s) it was drawn from? There is simply not enough time to do that on screen!!This movie kept me on the edge of my seat for most of the time. The action scenes were probably the best ever for a seafaring flick. Of course, there were stretches that went a lot slower, but these were for character development (for those of you who complained about the ""lack"" of such).I won't go into the storyline here, as numerous other reviewers have already covered that. I love movies with sailing vessels, and this is probably the best I've ever seen. Highly rec",mmended
60871,__label__2,oh yes.: Holy cow is this ever a great movie. One of the best of the decade in all honesty. It's just an incredibly enthralling adventure. It's long yes but it's so freaking lean. Not one second of it is anything less than mesmerizing. I would kill for this to have been a success and become a franchise.,
60872,__label__2,"Master and Commander: The movie was outstanding. Story line was great, action and life decisions added to the suspense. Good buy!",
60873,__label__2,"An absolute masterpiece!!: One of the best high-seas films ever made since ""The Caine Mutiny."" And one of the best historical dramas ever. Just don't make the mistake in thinking that this is your typical good guy vs bad guy movie, or else you'll probably be bored to tears. If you want a movie that takes place on the seas but with the good guy / bad guy stuff, then stick with the Pirates of the Caribbean films.But if you want a compelling story about a crew of men who come together through trials of conflict and great peril (sans the lame computer special effects), then look no further! By the way, I also recommend the Patrick O'Brian novels that this film is based on. I think it's blasphemy that this film was nominated for 10 Oscars, but walked away empty-handed ('Return of the King' getting Best Picture instead of 'Master & Commander?' You've got to be kidding me!).",
60874,__label__2,I just don't care: Listen I watch a movie for the movie. I rarely if ever watch the extras. Nowadays everything is green screen or blue screen anyway. All you every really see is some guy on the extras disc sitting next to a computer talking about what he did to make the scene on the computer. I'm sorry but this is not that interesting. I'm sick of hearing people bitch about it and give good transfers on blu bad reviews because of this. This does not help someone purchase it. Is this really so important to you 1 star people for the Master and Commander blu-ray? There are better things to bitch about. And for this Peter character to compare Predator to other blu-rays. Come on dude the damn movie was made in the mid 80's you really think the thing is going to look good as a new release transfer. Get your head out of the clouds. Every one of the blu discs I have from Fox I'm happy with this one is no exception. As for this disc great picture and sound and a good movie to boot.,
60875,__label__2,Captures Napoleonic Naval Warfare: I found this film to be extremely well-done. Naval combat during the Napoleonic Wars was an extremely unpleasant and bloody business and this movie addresses this aspect. There was a lot of drama form the interaction of the crew and the circumstances in which they are placed. And the acting is excellent. This is a war film which is certainly worth watching.,
60876,__label__2,"Russell Crowe is Commander of a ship.: If you like Pirates of the Caribbean or the Columbia Ship at Disneyland, you will probably like this film.Russell Crowe is the captain of a ship. Some young lads that are part of the crew are on watch. One of the lads believes he saw something in the fog. Another ship. Nobody else saw what he glimpsed. The Captain believes what the lad saw and continues the watch. Boom! They are attacked. When the battle is over. The enemy ship is gone. He's a very nice Captain and knows his business. He is creative as well. He makes a map out of food which is dinner. It is way of showing the crew where the next destination is. The Galapagos Islands. There he believes the enemy ship is hiding.I can not imagine anyone else in this role. Russell Crowe is perfect.",
60877,__label__2,"DVD's are losing their freebie extras: Don't get me wrong. I loved Master and Commander which I call a thinking man's swashbuckler. It definitely is a great plot and worthy of an Oscar Nomination. What I have gotten used to and missed here was the commentary that usually comes with DVDs. If you want that, you have to pay for the 2CD set...:-(Also, if you have a regular TV (30 inches or less) the letterbox effect of the wide screen version cuts out 50% of the viewing area, which ruins the special effects that made this movie so awesome in the theaters.The Wide screen version is a good investment for the future. If you want to see the action up close, get the regular version and if you want the commentaries and the making of the movie (which I do) buy the 2 CD set. For 6 dollars more, you get your money's worth.",
60878,__label__2,"Great Movie: Those who give this movie 1 star for being boring: There is a lot to this movie if you watch. You're just too used to action movies with nothing more subtle than a sledge hammer between the eyes. This has subtley and action. Apparently, that's something many can't have in the same movie. Sort of like chewing gum and walking at the same time.",
60879,__label__1,"Master and Commander: I recenntly bought the above DVD. But cannot play it on my DVD player it says""Wrong Region Disc"" I would like to return the DVD, unfotunately I have discarded the package. Could you please advise me further? I want to mention that I have always had very good and prompt service.ThanksHarry Shaw",
60880,__label__1,"False Advertisement: When I saw the previews of the movie, I expected to see action and adventure. This movie was boring and I found myself wanting to leave the theater. The beginning of the movie started of strong, but as the movie wore on, it began to lose its momentum. If you want to get an historical perspective on how it was to live at sea back then, then this movie is an A+, if you want action and adventure get The Last Samurai.",
60881,__label__1,Very disappointed...: I was really looking forward to seeing this movie & I'm sad to say that I was very disappointed. I was expecting there to be tons of action but there wasn't hardly any. My husband who usually really enjoys these types of movies commented that the movie needed some more action. I was so bored & confused. The talk was boring & different. When people got hurt or died I didn't even know who the person was because you didn't get a chance to see & even when they would mention a name I'd already heard so many names that I just forgot who was who. I didn't laugh one time in this movie & I felt like the movie ended with so many questions still unanswered. I don't know if it was left open for a part 2 but I just didn't get the ending. In my opinion the movie could've been so much better & I don't really recommend it to anybody unless they are really into the ship battles in history.,
60882,__label__1,"its official - the french cant fight: what a lopsided battle at the end. The master and commander himself, charging lead through a barrage of longbarreled shooters is able to stab and hack through all the Gauls with swords themselves - and kill every one of them! no backstabs since the little kids are handling the others with their sidearms and scabbards. Yep the english boys cant miss!the final score is britain - 20 dead france 100000000 dead. Well thats about all i noticed of the movie since the other two hours of it I was kinda zoned out due to noninterest.",
60883,__label__1,"Widescreen Collector's Edition a better value for your money...: As notes in a previous review, why would you spend premium dollars for a 1-Disc stripped down release when the Widescreen Collector's Edition is still available. Does Fox think the general public will just buy it because it is on Blu-Ray? Shame on you Fox!Save your money, but if you like the movie as much as I did, buy the Widescreen Collector's Edition.",
60884,__label__1,"Extended Cat and Mouse Scene: The movie has no more plot than a cat and mouse sequence that never ends. In the parts where I wished the movie would slow down, it went too fast. In the parts where I wished the movie would speed up, it went too slow.If you're looking for an intellectually stimulating film, steer clear of Master and Commander. It's a cat and mouse chase that lacks creativity. I thought the chase scenes in the Matrix were long, but compared to Master and Commander, Matrix's sequences are short and deep. Master and Commander is only a thriller, there is nothing epic about it.",
60885,__label__2,"Russell Crowe lovers and haters ..: A movie about a very hard way of life in very harsh conditions. Life isn't always fair, and this movie definitely shows that, however I doubt the conditions on a ship during this time period were as good as depicted in this movie. With that being understood, it WAS a good movie. Russell Crowe was super.",
60886,__label__2,"enjoy Russell Crowe movies: sound quality, picture quality were excellent using Amazon Video Prime video streaming. The subscript clearly identified the era in which the drama took place. Sequence of events was nonstop from beginning to end.",
60887,__label__2,"Acting, writing, has it all: Beautiful sailing movie, great action, much better acting than I was anticipating, and the script had more depth as well. Also historically interesting as a picture (though I am sure it was sanitized) of everyday life on a military sailing vessel. I was wrapped up in the story from beginning to end. Highly recommended.",
60888,__label__2,"One of the best: Master and Commander: Far Side of the World has become one of my favorite movies. Big, loud, bold without losing the human side of things. Great acting, great direction and a fabulous score. A rousing film with something for everyone.",
60889,__label__1,"This movie doesn't know what it's trying to do.: At one moment, this movie seems to be about a ship of war attempting to complete a mission. At another moment, it seems to be an ""expose"" of life on an 18th century vessel. At yet another moment, it seems to be a pretentious moral investigation into the balance of military vs. scientific priorities. Unfortunately, from trying to be so many things it never succeeds in fulfilling any one of them. Nor do the characters give us particularly much to care about them. The end result is a definitely underwhelming impact leaving one wondering why this film was made in the first place.",
60890,__label__1,"Any ole accent will do.: First, are we supposed to be fooled that Russell Crowe's Australian accent was British? The only reason I'm giving this film two stars instead of one was because of the art direction and costumes. As for the rest, I've seen better on the History Channel. Lucky Jack's obsession parallels, Captain Ahab from Moby Dick, but less interesting. I wanted to like this film, but it just didn't engage me. Surprising enough, it probably would've been a pretty good book. Nah. Overall: watch at your own risk.",
60891,__label__1,"Great sound effects, boring plot: Soundtrack was great; deep, rich bass and very active surround channels. Visually, the movie was average. The plot was slow moving, repetitive, and essentially anti-climatic. I watched it once then sold it to break even. Rent the movie first.",
60892,__label__1,"Don't Bother: I kept waiting for this movie to get going and it never did. Just no tension at all. I guess I'm spoiled by the Horatio Hornblower series, which is much more exciting and a better tutorial of ship life in those days (Master and Commander got a lot wrong, but like Russell said, ""If you watch movies to learn history, you are wrong, Mate!""). There are 8 Hornblower espisodes (A&E) I know of and I have 6 of those in a boxed set. I presume you can order the other two on DVD, which are the most recent. All are feature-length, so in all, you get almost 16 hours at sea.Russell Crowe, whom I love, really did seem fat and slow, which is what all the previews showed but I blindly ignored. At least *rent* it first. Don't buy it without seeing it like I did.",
60893,__label__2,"Not for the MTV generation...: The negative reviews for ""Master and Commander"" that I've read sound like they were written by those of the MTV generation, or younger still. Anyone who is just looking for action, graphic violence and nudity will be sadly disappointed in this movie. Believe it or not, this movie actually has a Plot. I know many of you remember the days when movies still had a good plot at their core, but they have become very few and far between these days. Once in a while we get some great movies, like The English Patient, Dances with Wolves, or Schindler's List. ""Master and Commander"" ranks among those few films worthy of the term ""masterpiece"".",
60894,__label__1,"Not memorable: One measure is what I draw from a movie. For the life of me, I can remember little but Crow hanging from the riggings, powder smoke, some island research and wine drinking. That's it. No catchy phrases, no memorable scenes. Nothing.Its been probably eighteen months since I viewed the film. At the time I thought is was a bit dull. I served in the modern submarine navy and I think a film about the sub during even my time on board would have proven more interesting.Good production value, though.",
60895,__label__1,"The New Horatio Hornblower Series is Much Much Better: Yes they both have the costumes, the floggings, the weevils crawling from the biscuits and of course the swashbuckling action but what separates them is the sense of believability and attachment to the characters that Master and Commander never comes close to. I also found the script awkward and unbelievable and the pedestrian plot is an afterthought. The new Horatio Hornblower series is a much better take on this exciting era and it captures the sense of adventure and romance on the deep seas that makes it linger in your memory while Master and Commander has long faded away.",
60896,__label__1,"So Slow: Having read some of the books, I was really excited to watch this movie. It just never could get going. There was so much dealing with the boat that the plot line never progressed, and had I not read the book, I wouldn't have known what was going on. I didn't even finish the movie, so maybe it got better after the first hour, but I'll never know.",
60897,__label__2,"The True Master and Commander of all Sea Hero Movies!: True Master and Commander of all Sea Hero Movies - no more to add, watch it yourself.",
60898,__label__2,"A great study in character types: I really enjoyed this movie as it depicted various character types. The types were not indepth, but sufficient to capture my interest. I don't beleive the focus was show heavy fighting scenes but rather some of the complexities of the times and relationships. It was good to see some racial diversity without race ever being an issue. I watch this movie frequently.",
60899,__label__2,"great film: This is an outstanding film about leadership, courage, friendship and the horror of war. The acting and directing are first rate with amazing photography.",
60900,__label__1,"no masterpiece: I rented this movie for my son. What a snoooooze fest. There was no theme, no plot. Just sailing about. There were no characters to root for, no story to follow. I ended up picking up a book. The battle didn't make sence because they never addressed the issue of why? Then the battle was over as was the movie and I was left with .....WHY???The only mildy interesting thing was that the young officers were school aged boys without hope of sprouting facial hair anytime soon. That one of these boys underwent a dramatic and maiming event and walked away... was the only riviting tale. It would have been interesting had they addressed the issue of why such young boys were sent to sea... as they were obviously blue-blooded chaps . This sub plot was too short and vastly unexplored though.If you want a good tale of the sea... try Finding Nemo, it is superior in everyway.",
60901,__label__1,"Master and Commander have not mastered the movie industry: This was a very unclear movie. There was very little information from the communication of the characters and I could not understand why they needed to chase that ship. Also, it's all very stretched out. Only about half the scenes needed to be in the movie. It was also very boring and had very little excitement. In the end it seemed that the captain was fooled and started to chase the ship again and then it just ended. They should have deleted the useless scenes earlier and made the end a bit better. A waste of time, don't watch it unless you really, really want or if you're a Russel Crowe fan.",
60902,__label__1,"where is the rest of it: The movie was allright, nothing to get excited about.I often read while watching a movie. If a movie is good enough to really command my attention, I stop reading. This movie did not command my attention.The worst thing about it was that there was no ending. The movie just stopped in the middle of something. Im sorry I spent the money.",
60903,__label__1,"Disappointing & Boring: You can't make up for poor directing and boring dialogue with special effects.This movie was a complete failure. I would give it no stars if that was possible. Having read all of the Lucky Jack novels I was hoping that Russell Crowe would be able to bring to the screen something of what Patrick O'Brian had created in his 20 novel series. After the first hour I had to begin fast forwarding. It was a complete and total waste of my time. Even if I had not read the novels, this movie was just poorly done. I didn't care about the characters, the fighting scenes had good special effects but since I don't watch a movie for the special effects this did nothing to add to a movie that simply didn't make it as far as directing or acting was concerned. Save your money and time, give this movie a miss. Or better yet, get a copy of Mutiny on the Bounty with Marlon Brando.",
60904,__label__1,"Crappy & a Fraud: I haven't the slightest notion how good or bad this film might be. The idiots who sent it chose the PAL format instead of the United States format of NTSC - so it's useless to me - - - thanks a lot , fellas!!",
60905,__label__1,"Master and Commander: The Far Side of Russell Crowe's ego: This is not very enjoyable, and I think the Oscars have been corrupt since Jerry McGuire won best picture. I know I'm in the minority, but the individuals set of films just rubs me the wrong way. I doubt the historical accuracy of the films, and do not enjoy the sense of self-importance and bravado. Want to be a leading man? Lose 30 pounds and get a haircut. I find Ben Affleck to be a better leading man, and I think he's a robot in a Daredevil costume. The day these folks re-make Deliverance with Russell Crowe as Ned Beatty, Ben Affleck as Burt Reynolds, Matt Damon as John Voigt, and Tom Cruise as Ronny Cox is the day they take some daring and bold roles. I think Norm McDonald and Artie Lang from the film Dirty Work would nicely reprise the part of the Hillbilly's that victimized Ned Beatty and John Voigt.",
60906,__label__1,"Hot damn, summer in the city, people at night gettin' dirt and gritty: Okay, now, in all fairness to this movie, I didn't watch the entire thing. I couldn't. I sat through the first four hours, and it was slow and tedious. I didn't care about any of the characters, and there was no action or plot whatsoever. Five or six hours in, a pseudo-interesting thing happened. That kept me watching for a while longer. But hour ten, I gave up. I realized nothing exciting was ever going to happen; and I'd grown to loathe all of the characters. I'd also grown a beard. It was looong.-Steve[...]And don't say that this review wasn't helpful. I dared to say what no one else would: that this movie is long.",
60907,__label__1,Waste of Money: I thought this movie was a piece of crap - the visuals were OK - but the story was dragging and boring as hell. You should definatly rent it not buy it so you can spit on the CD before you return it. - ruggedthug.com,
60908,__label__1,"Blu-Ray Review?: Fox Blu-Rays are the worst on the market. Bare bones and picture quality is B.S. See Predator for picture Quality compared to other Blu-Ray releases, terrible. The Wild Bunch was made long before Predator and so was The Searchers and they look way better than Predator. B. Dent must not see too well.",
60909,__label__1,"movie is good DVD is a ripoff: I went to the theatre and saw this film the first day it came out. It was differant but i loved it. I couldn't wait for the DVD to be released. However once i saw that there were two versions, and one of the versions cost twice as much as the other i was to say the least angry. One version is just the movie and it costs just the same as any other DVD (might as well just wait for it to come on cable). The other version (the collectors addition) contains all the extra's that you would find on any other DVD movie only they are expecting you to pay twice as much for something you would normaly get for the regular price of a dvd. What a scam. That is the reason i will only give it one star. Like i said, i loved the movie, however the value when buying the DVD is terrible.",
60910,__label__1,"Zzzzzzzzzzzz....: This movie is so slow and boring it will put you to sleep or make you want to leave the room.I was not entertained by this movie at all.It was a chore to watch it.Reminded me off a movie that they would force you to watch in school.It was painfully long and dull.The plot was bad.The dialog boring.The only good thing about this was was the special effects and costumes.I Can't believe all the good reviews for this movie.Must be some dull and boring people,just like the movie.",
60911,__label__1,"Master and Commander: I bought it because of the many high rating reviews, tried very hard to like it but in truth I found it too slow and in fact boring, a real waste (...).",
60912,__label__1,"Disappointing!!: Come on people how can you stand this movie. I have a cousing who hasn't ever seen more than 20 minutes of it because he falls asleep. It's not worth the time. theres no plot, no real purpose to the movie!",
60913,__label__2,"Master and Commander: Grade A-: Master and Commander is a slow, but good epic telling the story of Captain Jack Aubrey, a valiant sailor played by Russel Crowe. The story is set amidst the open ocean, in which Aubrey is frequently attacked by the French army. The story tends to be slow at times and the characters lack development even with the films length. What holds the movie together is its realism and accuracy to history and the period. Russel Crowe gives a performance worthy of Oscar nods but doesn't outshine his roles in Gladiator and A Beautiful Mind. This film is a must see of 2003 and a great film for fans of films like Treasure Island and Mutiny on the Bounty.",
60914,__label__2,"--Awesome seafaring adventure--: MASTER AND COMMANDER fulfilled all of the hype and advertisements that preceded the film. Russell Crowe, as Capt Jack Aubrey, delivered an outstanding performance. The supporting characters were also well chosen and compelling.This fast paced story takes place in the early 1800's and begins and ends with riveting sea battles fought between English and French warships. The music was lovely and haunting. I found all of the characters to be realistic and the story to be memorable.Well done!",
60915,__label__2,"WONDERFUL MOVIE: From the characters to the special effects to the atmosphere it created, this movie is wonderful!! The actors are superb and fun to watch as they help to spin this tail on the high seas! I hope they make another movie!!!",
60916,__label__2,Lucky Jack: This movie grabs my attention and doesn't let go. The cinematography is top-notch and the story is believable. It is a thrill ride for the imagination.,
60917,__label__2,"Great but still lacks something: Let me start off by saying that I really enjoyed this movie. Russel Crow takes his performance by the horns and prooves it by playing the violin. The opening action sequence was more realistic than most I have seen and the could never gain the upper hand. However, I was expecting more of an action flick than a plot filled movie that kept you interested. The previews showed it as a constant battle, but it was a struggle against nature that they showed. The movie was still very good, and the performances were delivered solidly. Watch it if you like movies.",
60918,__label__2,"Great affection for detail...: I finally saw this film, and am awe-struck! The attention to detail is quite exceptional, thanks to the brilliant vision of director Peter Weir. I was wondering if ths might be a franchise...""Far Side of the World"" ...maybe there'll be more. The action scenes and the flawless cinematography, not to mention brilliant editing, draw the viewer in and you're taken away. Crowe is great, as is Paul Bettany, who creates a sense of purpose and legitimacy to the proceedings. And Billy Boyd is certainly a busy guy, appearing in two Oscar nominated blockbusters in one year (""LOTR""). This is a well-made, seriously endearing action drama with loads of heart. Check it out!",
60919,__label__2,"Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World: This film turned out to be a whole lot better than I expected. I had heard that the film was slow, the acting was bland, and the action to boring, but turns out this movie is pretty good. Russell Crowe plays Jack Aubrey well, and the other acting is great too. The plot may not be full of excitement and action, but the film has brilliant special effects and realism that will keep the audience occupied. I disagreed with the Best Picture nomination and some of the other Oscar nods. That is the only thing I disagree with about the movie. The DVD is packed with extras and the digital transfer is amazing. I reccomend this movie for Russell Crowe fans and epic lovers.",
60920,__label__2,"Powerful Epic: Russel Crowe does a great job on this great epic film. The story is about two warships (one French one British) fighting each other on the high seas in the early 1800's. Russel Crowe plays the intelligent captain of the British ship, who engages ina battle of wits with the French captain. My favorite line from the movie is ""Twelve knots, sir""! This is one of the greatest epic films ever made.",
60921,__label__2,"Great movie: Master and Commander is a well-written, skillfully-acted movie about a British military ship. There are lessons on loyalty, friendship and duty. Not to mention a fantastic sound track.",
60922,__label__2,"Brilliant Historical Accuracy: This has to be the single most historically accurate film made about any high seas adventure that I have ever seen. Now, that is not to say the PLOT is historically accurate, b/c it is completely fictional. However, the representation of life at sea is absolute perfection. The battle scenes are extraordinarily realistic, fast and furious. Many boats contained young men or children, as this movie portrays. Battles on the high seas were either excessively protracted, or brutally short, depending entirely on the range of the fighting. Everything this movie shows is historical perfection. Some may find it a little slow, but for anyone with even an iota of patience, Master and Commander is very much worth the price of admission.",
60923,__label__2,the far side of innovativeness: amazing cinematicsRusselle Crowe is amazing in this oneI'm speechlessall I can say is I loved watching this on dvdand when I cansince I bought it of courseI can't wait to see it again and again and againit's really a timeless piece of workand the plot is moving and genious all at once,
60924,__label__1,"Good for ABAP programmers, less so on the SAPscript side: This is the only book on SAPscript. So someone should write a better one. There definitely is a demand for such a book. Using SAPscript often means using ABAP and this aspect is covered well. The actual SAPscript bit is elementary, not providing much more than the online documentation. In particular, I missed tips and tricks for designing more complex layouts, variably sized boxes, up- and downloading RTF documents and workarounds for unusually implemented features (bugs). This book is merely an introduction to SAPscript, nothing more.",
60925,__label__2,Excellent intro to SAPScript: Easy to understand and follow. Will have you doing SAPScript in no time. The book is well organized.,
60926,__label__2,I learned so much from this book: This book is much better than the SAP Script made easy 4.0b. I learned so much that I strongly recommend every ABAP programmer to own one.,
60927,__label__2,"A Beautiful Film About Love and Living: This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. If you don't mind subtitled movies in English, this movie is a must-see! The acting is intense, the cinematography is lovely, and the story is simply beautiful.",
60928,__label__2,"a flawless masterpiece!: i am not a huge fan of either bille august or bergman but this could quite possibly be my most favorite film. Pernilla August is absolutely fabulous in this role. The complexities of the relationship between Henrik and Anna is astounding to me: she manipulates him, he hits her, but because they are doomed to love each other forever, it is as much of a balancing act as it is a true marriage. i must admit that i so wish i could get my hands on the six hour version because i hate wondering what i am missing in this story. but the version i have suits me just fine. Pernilla August will long be remembered for this film alone, more than STAR WARS, she outshines all the others in this film. thanx.",
60929,__label__1,"How about 0 Stars!!!: This rating is not about the performances, which are amazing as always. The rating comes from the fact that Columbia decides to continuously reissue the same material, most of which is not that great compared to other versions of the same songs. It is a true shame that Columbia seems to think that no one would be interested in a complete reissue of the catalog of music. It is even more frustrating when you see titles on this CD like, ""Royal Canal"", and think ""Wow, this must be from ""Bold Fenian Men"", only to find out it's an inferior release from ""Ain't it Grand?"" Same with ""Old Orange Flute"". We would much prefer the version from ""Live in Ireland"". And how about some other fantastic songs that ARE greatest hits?? Columbia, you should hang your head in shame. ""Ain't it Grand?"" I Think Not!",
60930,__label__1,"Well said!: ""When The Clancy Brothers' albums were being released on CD, several of the above albums were never transferred to that format. Multiple ""greatest hits"" and other such collections currently make up the majority of their CD catalog, often with high redundancy."" [...]Well said!",
60931,__label__2,"Graphic goods: For music-heads Norwegian Kim Hiorthy is probably best known for the cover design for the Rune Grammofon label and videos and covers for the Motorpsycho band. ""Tree Weekend"" is a beautiful full-colour book with photos, sketches and other graphics. Playful and highly personal indeed. Recommended.",
60932,__label__1,"Disappointing!: This is not a film of the story of Nicky Cruz acted out. It is a documentary interviewing Nicky and others for the most part. The worst aspect was that the sound was so poorly done that it was a major, major struggle to try to understand anything that was said. It is disappointing that the people who did this DVD did not make the effort to make a truly excellent product.",
60933,__label__1,"You get what you pay for: These songs don't sound like they're being sung by original artists... sloppy sounding, cheap sounding as well. Sound quality is overall cheap and low. Worth far less than the price!",
60934,__label__2,"Shoes: I love the shoes! I had purchased a beige pair at Nordstrom about a month ago, but they didn't carry them in Black. A friend (who works at Amazon) told me about this website, so I went there to look for a black pair of the same shoes.My only bad experience with the process was ... the shoes were shipped to me requiring a signature. Which means, they postman left a slip on my door, and I had to go wait in line at the post office the next day for over 1/2 hour to pick up the shoes. Why should shoes require a signature?Otherwise, it was a good experience, and I would use this site again.Susan",
60935,__label__1,"Rosemary's Clone: With horror remakes being all the rage right now, I don't understand why these filmmakers didn't just remake Rosemary's Baby with Heather Graham instead of Mia Farrow. That's all that this movie really is... Rosemary's Baby with a dash of sci-fi cloning to make it feel like it's something new. Only ""Blessed"" is done with none of the subtle style of Roman Polanski or Ira Levin.Instead, the suspense is supposed to be built with ultrasound images that have the Devil's face hidden in them like a Rorschach ink blot. Apparently, some rich guy has managed to procure a vial that contains a few drops of Lucifer's blood. Being a moron, he thinks it'd be a good idea to clone Lucifer using a local clinic that he owns. Poor Heather Graham has no idea what she's in for. When will girls learn that if you go to a fertility clinic, some old man will impregnate you with a Devil clone?Sounds absurd, right? Well, it is.",
60936,__label__1,"Stupid waste of film: I spent an hour watching this boring film, waiting for something to happen and guess what? Nothing happened. Sure, there is a car crash at the last part but I dare anyone to explain the ending to this mess. To make matters worse, they put this thing on DVD - so the poor direction and bad dialog is crystal clear.Its not scary or creepy and nothing is explored in this art-school film contest reject.Poor David Hemmings, his career ended worse than the career of Raul ""Street Fighter"" Julia.",
60937,__label__1,"This deserves no stars.: One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Completly unscary, absurd, trite, and badly produced. The DVD has zero extras, not even english subtitles. Garbage.",
60938,__label__1,"BLESSED IS CURSED: The Omen meets Rosemary's Baby in his sloppily written and poorly performed melodrama. Heather Graham and James Purefoy portray a young couple unable to conceive a child. They stumble upon a clinic that uses in vitro fertilization to help them along. Lo and behold, Heather is pregnant with twins and all seems right with the world. But of course, the clinic is merely a cover for a cloning operation headed by a sinister David Hemmings. The movie's script is so jumbled, however, that exactly what's being cloned is never truly clarified; why is another couple ceremoniously dispatched? Is the husband in on the scheme? Why did LORD OF THE RING's Andy Serkis sign on to play a somewhat maniacal cleric? It's like the scriptwriters didn't know where to take the movie, since it's all been done so many times before and so much better? A shame considering the talent involved.",
60939,__label__1,"Be afraid, be VERY afraid........: ...of the crappy screenplay, mediocre acting, and less than thrilling pacing. Thing is, it could have been a pretty decent flick if they'd paid attention to the details. Anyway, the music was well done and matched the melancholy autumn landscape perfectly, the only reason I gave it any stars.",
60940,__label__1,Be forewarned: I just watched it and it is as bad as all the other reviews indicate.Please avoid at all costs then all these reviews have not been written in vain.,
60941,__label__2,"Still the best: I had to laugh at someone who said this wasn't their finest work and the voices had aged. I was reminded of what someone told me about people at their high school reunion, ""a lot of them has changed, but the eyes are the same."" So it is with PP&M on this album. Of course they've aged and their voices have mellowed. Mary is now dead. But, if you want great Christmas music that you will listen to over and over, this is it. I challenge anyone to listen to the entire album and not tap your foot. The ""Magi"" is ""magic."" Yes, I'm predjudiced. I grew up with PP&M from their first vinyl to their last MP3. No group has ever harmonized like them. The production of the album is excellent and the children's choir adds that Christmas touch. I highly recommend this album and the video.",
60942,__label__2,"A holiday must!: I love Thanksgiving because that's when I start playing this CD. The songs never grow old. This is definately a ""must have"" in your holiday collection!",
60943,__label__2,"Recorded in the eighties: I did not expect to find a choir and orchestra on an album by Peter Paul and Mary, but that's what you get here. It's pleasant enough but I would have preferred them to stick to their folk-pop roots. The other notable feature of this album is that although they have recorded many traditional songs, they have added new words and / or music to many of them, presumably so that they can get royalties. Some of the differences seem small though the new music for 'Twas the night before Christmas is certainly noticeable.Once you accept it for what it is, this album is rather good. It includes some original songs (The Magi, Light one candle), some rarely heard traditional songs (The friendly beasts, Cherry tree carol) and a couple of re-recordings of songs from their sixties repertoire (A-soalin', Blowing in the wind).This is a fine album but I would have liked it better if they had recorded a folk-pop album.",
60944,__label__2,Third one: I have worn out two of this CD! I just love PP&M and would have passed out in ecstacy if I had been able to actually attend this concert.,
60945,__label__2,"Christmas: In my humble opinion, this is one of the best Christmas albums ever released. There is a great mixture of Christmas songs and of course the blend and harmony of Peter, Paul and Mary is undeniable. It needs to be in everyone's collection of Christmas music.",
60946,__label__2,"Peter, Paul, & Mary holiday cd: This was always a favorite holiday tape, and I was delighted to find it on cd. There are a few old classic holiday tunes, but the best thing about this one is the different selection of Peter Paul & Mary versions, as well as the unusual songs. Great CD!",
60947,__label__1,"Not the peter, Paul and Mary I expected: As an old fan of PP&M, I recently purchased one of the original albums (The Best of PP&M) and decided to get this album as well. The origianl sound track was so pure, their voices blending together with a clarity that is only PP&M. However, A Holiday Celebration is not the old PP&M. Time has taken its toll on their voices and the now PP&M are without the purity of tone that they had in their younger days. It was OK but not that top notch quality I love so much.",
60948,__label__1,"Not what I expected: It comes with a matching washbag and the cotton is soft, which is nice. What I don't like about this product is that the dots are actually printed on the fabric! It makes this product feel cheap and I most importatly I worry about my daughter getting any of the plastic print in her mouth as she puts EVERYTHING in her mouth. It also feels as if the print will come off after a few washes. I only used it once, and will not use it again.",
60949,__label__2,a very helpful book: It is a very well organized book. It is a must read for lex and yacc users. Yet it lacks some detailed infomation about debugging .,
60950,__label__2,"Excellent reference for beginning or advanced users: I knew nothing about either lex or yacc when I picked up this book. However, John Levine clearly explains the basics, devoting separate tutorial chapters to both lex and yacc as well as two chapters for complete real-world examples (I was impressed with the chapter about parsing SQL). Despite the repeated nature of parts of the reference sections, I highly recommend the book to anybody else who needs to learn how lex and yacc work. Especially useful for identifying common problems. Includes documentation for nearly all of the functions lex and yacc define.",
60951,__label__2,"Very helpful to get you started: I've used this book a lot to help me get started using Flex and Bison, and I still often refer to it. The official Flex and Bison manuals help to fill in any gaps and flesh out details. An update would be nice that included information available on the Web. The included examples were okay, but a simple procedural language example would be very useful.",
60952,__label__2,This acts as a Helping hand for compiler developrs: Firstly there are not many books on Lex & Yacc.Unix programming by Kernighan & Pike providessome necessary information but it is not sufficientto write a complex parser or scanner. In these circumstancesthis book acts like a God given gift for compiler developers.The examples which introduce the tools are very good.But the theory behind these examples is not well explained.Probably NFA/DFA concepts add more strenght to thebook. Adding more and more concepts and exampleswill make this as a unique book in the Market.Many guys who desire jobs as compiler developersfollow this book. So some contemporary examples thatI expect from future editions of this book areA) Parsing a Gate level designB) A small simulator which simulates an analog/digital designC) An assembler etcD) Relational algebra tutor etc.Hope the authors can consider this request.,
60953,__label__2,Best find in years.: We had been looking for these head sets for over 2 years. This was a life saver as we can't hear with those one ear sets.,
60954,__label__2,"Good for the cost: I have always bought the uniden headset that looks very similar to this one, but the cost on that one has gone up every year. I thought I would give this one a try because it seems no matter how much I spend I don't ever get more than a years use out of any headset. This one has great sound and fits well. As some of the other reviewers said the cord is way too long but I just used the twist tie that came with it and wrapped up a good portion of the extra cord. For the price I don't think you can beat this headset.",
60955,__label__2,works in convertible: I have been using this headset for years in my convertible. It works better than anything else I have found.,
60956,__label__2,"Just as good as the $100 professional headsets: I have been using professional grade headsets for a few years now and they cost about $100 to replace. I decided to compare some alternatives and found this headset to be of comparable quality to the professional ones, at a tenth of the price.One Word Review: Awesome",
60957,__label__2,Southwestern Bell S60210 Behind-the-Head Headset: I use this in an area where I wear a hat. It's the only one that I use. I had one that was inadvertently broken. I purchesed 3 of them to be sure I always have a spare.,
60958,__label__2,"Captivating: Few stories captivate with such escalating pace as Stacy Dean Campbell's ""Cottonwood"". In the tradition of Harper Lee's ""To Kill a Mockingbird"", this novel weaves its characters & their lives with such believable detail, one wonders how it could be fiction. I've always been one for great Beginnings & Endings and this one delivers, all the way thru the last page. If old-fashioned chill bumps, penetrating reflections and surprising finales are of interest, ""Cottonwood"" is a must-read.",
60959,__label__1,Who mastered this?: This DVD was mastered by a monkey. I thought there was something wrong with my player at first. Real bad digital artifacts makes the DVD look like terrible digital video art.,
60960,__label__1,"The WORST Godzilla Ever.: Why does everone like this movie, it's the worst Godzilla movie ever made. I makes no sense, an Indiana Jones rip-off & Godzilla gets teamed up on. Another stupied part was when Mothra and Battra were fighting, Mothra never used her laser beams when Battra was kicking here ASS, until Godzilla comes and fights Battra and only Battra, Mothra out of nowhere uses her laser beams. Heasi era ( I spelled it wrong) was a bad era for Godzilla why, most of them have bad plots. It's only worth watching once and never again.",
60961,__label__1,It's Okay.: The movie was okay. It's one of the better Godzilla films.The one thing that REALLY makes this movie stink is that the unstoppable Godzilla was beaten by bugs! That SUCKS!,
60962,__label__2,"THE FLOWER TALKED! :): To my surprise, I really enjoyed this movie a lot! There is a strong moral to this movie: Don't mess with mother nature. How many times does she have to teach man a lesson? Seems man is not a good listener! Not NEARLY as good as Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah, but the fight scenes are awesome and some of the characters are really amusing! Once again, the dubbing is bad.....but that only adds to the entertainment, I think! ""Look! The flower talked!"" Haha that one kept me in stitches for a while! Not for everyone, especially non-Godzilla fans. Nuff said.",
60963,__label__1,"Commentary track doesn't work.: Very disappointed that the commentary track does not work. The menu shows that there are commentaries during the USA version of the movie. But when you put commentary on during the film it just plays the movie, no comments. I can not recommend this DVD set even though I love the movie. All of the specials should work if they are mentioned in the menu.",
60964,__label__2,Mothra vs. Godzilla the Toho Masters collection: Mothra vs. Godzilla Toho Masters collection is an excellent DVD. Well worth the price. The only disappointment was the print for the english-dubbed version. I was hoping they would have used a better one.,
60965,__label__2,"Best Sequel: Having what was considered the best Godzilla suit of the Showa series, it also had one of the best stories and monster battles done in the 60's. Here was the first real time Godzilla was hinted at as being an unstopable force of nature that man just was not destined to stop, let alone kill. This film also is the lead-up to the next movie of the series - Gehdorah. Get both as they are both a great buy as well a great films. Love the Mastwork packaging, wish they all were.",
60966,__label__1,"An excellent Godzilla flick, but a lousy DVD: ""Godzilla vs. Mothra"" is probably my all-time favorite Godzilla movie, mostly because it has better-than-average special effects and an ecological angle to the storyline--don't exploit the environment, or there will be dire consequences--that still resonates today.This DVD reissue, though, is woeful, especially in comparison to the Simitar DVD put out a few years ago. That DVD gave viewers the option of widescreen and fullscreen images, though it was light on extras. This reissue from Sony only offers the fullscreen version, and a scratchy print of it at that. And the extras? Nothing but a commercial for the ""destroy All Monsters"" video game.Go find a copy of the Simitar DVD instead and avoid this one unless, like me, you're fond of wasting money.",
60967,__label__1,"don't kill the song: I don't know how many minutes are cut from the original but the sequence the fairies sung in the island was terrible, since some lines(not whole song but sentences sometimes, musical bars,i mean) was lost in this DVD...the movie itself is good.",
60968,__label__2,"Godzilla vs Mothra DVD: Another of my childhood classic movies. I still love the old Godzilla movies, I've seen this one more times than I care to count on the late, late, late shows of yesteryear with Seymour presents or Chiller theatre. DVD was in new condition as well as the packaging, fast shipping, will DBA with seller!",
60969,__label__2,"Well-rounded: First off, the Amazon and Maltin review refer to the 1964 Godzilla vs Mothra, not the 1992 version you are looking at.G vs Mothra is one of the most consistent, imaginative, well-rounded Godzilla films ever made. Even the plot is interesting enough, if it lays on the 'Save the Earth' theme a little heavily. Much better than the 1994 travesty Godzilla vs Space Godzilla, and at least on par w/ Godzilla vs Destroyer.",
60970,__label__2,"The battle of the most famous monsters ever: as compared to the american version, this godzilla should've been in that movie because that is the image of a true monster, not a fake one. The story was good and the ending was great.",
60971,__label__2,IT WAS GREAT!: Godzilla the king of the monsters and the beautiful mothra go head to head. The scene where battra transforms into the giant bug was great! The movie was one of the best out of the series!,
60972,__label__1,"A Kid's review: Poor Godzilla. this is a very sad movie because Godzilla didn't win, only Mothra won -how sad- I thought watching Godzilla as he was tumbling down into the water. If you really love Godzilla then don't buy this movie, this movie is only for people who hate Godzilla.",
60973,__label__1,"WORST GODZILLA MOVIE EVER!: I hate this film!It's even worse than Godzilla vs. Megalon.Nothing holds this film up.It's a disgrace to other Godzilla films.People like this film alot but I don't get why.It has a horrible plot,bad acting,horrible monster scenes,and even Godzilla catches on fire from a rocket that never hurt him before.BAD,BAD,BAD!",
60974,__label__2,In Godzilla we trust....................: Seen the a.i.p. version as a kid. But to finally get the japanese version is a dream come true. The quality is excellent. This dvd as well the other being release by CM got extras. Must have for any true die-hard G-fan.,
60975,__label__2,"WOW!: Classic Media does it again. If you are a Godzilla fan, buy this 4th film in the series(I hope they get the rights to King Kong vs. Godzilla). I've already pre-ordered the next two films because I've been that impressed with the bang up job Classic Media has done with this character. Bravo.",
60976,__label__2,"Absolutely The BEST!!!: This Release is Exactly how I remember it as a Kid in the Early 70's!! The Voices, the Bad Lip Synch, EVEN THE TITLE: Godzilla vs the Thing!! I used to rush home from school to watch Godzilla Monster Week on the 4:30 Movie and this dual version lets me enjoy my Silly Beloved U.S. Version, or the More Serious Japanese Version with English Subtitles!! Thank You Toho!! WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG???!!! Please do this with ALL Toho Dakaiju Movies!!! VIVA GODZILLA!!!!",
60977,__label__2,"godzilla vs. mothra the battle for earth: I am a godzilla freak and I think this is one of the best. The story was confusing ,but the costume designs were great.IF you want action heres a movie.",
60978,__label__1,"okay, not great: I'd say this one is okay, but there's nothing really that great about it. godzilla looks impressive here, but rather clumsy. The special effects are good. plenty of scenes of the milatary attacking godzilla, which are more enjoyable then the fight scenes which are brief and boring, can't understand how godzilla lost to two little catapillars when he just should have stomped em, pretty embarising. However, nothin's worse than listening too those little twin faries singing.",
60979,__label__1,"WORST HEISEI Series Godzilla movie!: The plot is bad.They steal from Raiders of the Lost Ark when getting the idol and only Battra,Mothra's evil twin,keeps this movie from bombing out completely.After you watch it once to know whats going on in the series so far you shouldn't watch it again.Horrible!",
60980,__label__1,Mothra and Godzilla fight in yet another badly dubbed film: This is basicly a remake of the 1964 classic. This is more high teck but the new Shobijin are really bad and ern't even twins and there is a really bad dub job. Thus this ends up not even coming close to the original's power.,
60981,__label__2,"excellent transfer at budget price: The DVD image quality is excellent. I didn't expect much at the budget price, so the sharp, stable, colorful 2.35:1 widescreen transfer was a nice surprise. The box says ""images of superb quality taken from the film's original print."" It's usually best to ignore puffery, but here you really do get gorgeous video--about as good as (say) the Bond DVDs of the same vintage. Minor nits: there's some dust at the ends of the reels, and the widescreen transfer is not anamorphic (that is, not ""enhanced for 16:9 TVs"").The 5.1 audio is choppy and strange at times. Whenever the dubbed English pops in, the sound quality changes, almost as if it briefly drops into mono. But part of the joy of vintage Godzilla is its glorious cheezyness. Making it too sterile would cut out its soul.The DVD ""extras"" are negligible. At the price, it's unfair to complain about this. The important thing is that the film itself looks great. If you like Godzilla, don't hesita",e.
60982,__label__2,"Good movie: This movie was alright. I wasn't impressed though. The final fight was a little poor. I mean come on. What is so amazing about 2 little larveas spraying silk at Godzilla. Not impressive. And the little fairy chicks get annoying. Really annoying. But if you are a fan, get this one any way.Mothra starts out as an egg thingy, and when people are touring this egg, Godzilla awakes and he's mad. He storms Tokyo and Japan. The mothra awakes into 2 little worms and they spin Godzilla into this little cacoon. Too bad. I actually give this movie a 3 1/2.",
60983,__label__1,"DEATH TO FULLSCREEN!!!: DO NOT BUY THIS DVD!! ""Godzilla VS Mothra"" Is a great movie, it is a shame that it is presented here, with this DVD, in a full screen format. I just watched the uncut, Japanese LETTER BOX version DVD a friend loaned me, and was greatly disappointed at just how much the American full screen formatted version destroys the film. Do yourself a favor and don't wast your time or money on this FULL SCREEN PIECE OF CRAP, for it is unworthy of a space in your DVD collection. Wait for the letter box version.",
60984,__label__1,"Elias and a cool evil monster turns good? WHAT THE @@#$#**!?: This is one of the worst monster movies ever. Why? Because1. The plot's terrible.2. Those twin elias are soo anoying, you'd hope Godzilla kills them.3. Battra(dark Mothra) turns GOOD!4. Godzilla's the ""Bad Guy"".5. IT'S A RERUN OF GODZILLA VS. MOTHRA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Basicly, without Battra, I would give this movie a 1.",
60985,__label__1,"Godzilla DVD: The DVD itself was OK (and the movie itself rates five stars), but the case was damaged. Be careful of this seller!",
60986,__label__2,"Gojira Tai Mosura: ... Godzilla vs. Mothra"" is everything ""King Kong vs. Godzilla"" should have been. The entire film oozes quality. Drama, Plot, Effects are spot on perfect. The pacing of the film is just right, action seems to proceed naturally throughout. The music for this movie is awesome. If all the Godzilla movies had been this good, I probably wouldn't have a life, because I would keep watching them over and over again. :-)",
60987,__label__2,"4 Star Cheese: This one is pretty good. The thing about Godzilla movies, everyone knows they are cheesy (even the producers) and know one cares. Mothra is pretty cool(my personal favorite Godzilla nemesis) and ya' gotta love the fairy twins singing to the egg. Keep in mind the rating is done compared to other Godzilla movies, after all Godzilla is in a realm of his own.",
60988,__label__1,"Given the DVD technology, why is this dubbed?: It's wonderful that this, the best of all the Godzilla films, can be seen in its full format in the crystal imagery of DVD. But, considering the audio channel and subtitling capability of DVD, its almost unforgivable that this move has been released with only a dubbed audio channel! The dubbing for all the Godzilla films robs you of your chance to fully enjoy the performances of some of Japan's best actors (Takarada, Fujuki, Sahara, and Tazaki) and gives the film an extra level of silliness that hurts it. Come on, this is DVD! Simitar must really be a cheap company if that can't muster up the energy to provide a Japanese language track and English subtitles.",
60989,__label__2,"Pleasing Film: Other reviewers indicate the viewpoint of those familiar with Gilbert and Sullivan. I am not. I do, however, remember with pleasure the light tenor voice of Kenny Baker on the Jack Benny and (later) Fred Allen radio programs. Occasionally, any of us can see him in the Marx Brothers at the Circus, as the singing circus owner or in one of the other numerous films he made in the thirties and early forties. To my regret, I did not get to see him on Broadway with Mary Martin but being given that role indicates professional respect for his abilities. He never reached stardom but always performed well in the light roles to which he was consigned.I can commend this film to the general viewer who seeks only a pleasant hour and a half of good 1938 technicolor and a lively score well sung. All the performers handle themselves well and the Marxian (Brothers) type of plot makes for appealing nonsense.All in all, a welcome diversion from the normal mass media fare these da",s.
60990,__label__1,"Extremely poorly produced: Worst quality of sound and video.: If you need to throw away some money, this DVD is it. Quality of sound is horrible. Stage is a mixture of everything you can think of from all over the world, including Japan. Amazon.com needs to watch this DVD before they classify this DVD into their classical music category. I would put this one into a garbage section.",
60991,__label__1,"Not quite garbage but could've been much better: Martyn Green was a great Savoyard whose Ko-Ko was famous and was the reason for the film. In that case, it's a shame some of Ko-Ko's best material was cut. One article I once read said that ""I've got a little list"" was omitted because people knew it so well. If that's true, then the producer was a major idiot. If anything, the film is worth seeing for even a bit of Green plus Kenny Baker. Baker's recordings are only of light popular music so having his bright tenor in something approaching classical is a treat. Too bad he didn't get to at least try his hand at Nemorino or Almaviva - on records.",
60992,__label__2,"An important document of legendary performers.: This Mikado was filmed with singers from the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, custodians of the Gilbert & Sullivan tradition for more than a century. Two of the players in particular--Martyn Green (Ko-Ko) and Sidney Granville (Pooh-Bah) were among the most beloved G&S actors in history, and their performances here are a delight.",
60993,__label__2,"Nostolgic but Nice: I saw this movie as a young person in about 1940 and it was my first exposure to Gilbert & Sullivan. I enjoyed it so much that I have collected CD's etc. of them ever since. This is a short version of the full production with a number of the orignal songs eliminated, some important and some not. If you like Gilbert & Sullivan I recommend the D'Oyly version of the Mikado as the keeper but if you like nostolga with Kenny Baker, an early star of radio from the 30's, and some of the D'Oyly cast this is the one that I would pick.",
60994,__label__2,"Tey's detection masterpiece: If you want actual detection, as opposed to character studies, this is the Tey book to read. Her later books have some interest, but more as straight novels than as mysteries.",
60995,__label__1,"Silliness and Coincidences: As an audio book, this is a great production. As a mystery, this was a disappointment. How convenient that people stumble onto critical clues, characters and evidence. It's as if all of England were no more than four acres large. I am still wondering what the motive of the killer was; the ending was abrubt and nonsensical. Please read ""A Daughter of Time"" if you want to experience Tey's best work.",
60996,__label__2,"Testamentary Bequest: There is a dead body. Where is her car? Why is she swimming alone? It seems her body is expensively cared for. A young man appears on the scene, weeping. It seems that he had taken her car.The name of the drowned woman is Christine Clay. Inspector Alan Grant of Scotland Yard is called to the scene by a worried constabulary. The young man, Robin Stannaway or Robert Tisdall, the name had been changed to Tisdall to please a relative, stayed with Chris. She had picked him up when hitchhiking, saying that she was alone. The boy clearly has charm. Grant and others determine that it is probable murder.The book suffers from having the most likeable characters mainly off-stage or dead. In other respects, of course, it is wonderful, given that Josephine Tey was one of the best people writing in the genre.",
60997,__label__2,"As good as ever!: I am happy to say that this album rocks.After seeing them live this year I knew I was in for a treat as Jaworski is a more than sufficient replacement as vocalist.He has the same power of delivery and even more depth to his voice than Grady.The album has a dark, atmospheric sound helped by producer Shaun Lopez.The heaviness does not let up throughout and every track has something good about it.Check out the synths at the end of 'Landing on Ice' they are sick. 'Helena' has a killer hook that ends without warning.ThereIrwin's riffs are still great and there is no holding back on anyones part.Show your support to a great metal band and purchase a copy, you will not be disappointed.",
60998,__label__2,6 years in the making...: I was suprised to see that Grady was no longer singer & was very interested to see how Will Haven would sound with a different singer. I wasnt sure Will Haven could pull it off. Thats not the case here. New vocalist Jeff Jaworski is a great fit & this album is one of their best. I love El Diablo & it is still my favorite. This album may be their next best & is very well produced. Every song on here is good & get better with every listen. The best metal album of the year so far.,
60999,__label__2,"Great Product!!!: Extremely comfortable and great looking. However, the left side is more comfortable than the right. Nonetheless, it is a great shoe!!!",
61000,__label__1,"Cute but Uncomfortable: Cute shoes, but extremely uncomfortable. I am not sure that I will get much wear out of these shoes. I know my size but I starting to think they sent me the wrong pair. I am so frustrated with Amazon where shoes are concerned. This is the 3rd pair of shoes I have bought that does not give me a good fit. I suggest that you buy a 1/2 size larger than you normally wear but you will then probably run the risk of the shoe later becoming too big, it's a catch 22.",
61001,__label__1,"Insipid Platitudes: Not only is the grammar that of a high school senior, not only is the book full of tired cliches, not only does this book promote that one throw away reason and rationale in favor of faith; this book is just plain divisive. With phrases like, ""You wouldn't understand unless..."" or ""You may call it immoral, but..."" the author consistently seperates himself from his readers. Unless one is ""Black"" (as opposed to ""black""), Christian, fundamentalist, from the inner city, poor, male, and possessing a child in the system, it is very hard to find much to sympathize with in this book",
61002,__label__2,"one great pure rock British album: I would say they used a lot of the same sounds on this album as they do on definitely maybe. The album sounds like a mixture of the later beatles and stones combined with a little more edge. I can't get enough of it, every song is just so pure british rock I love it. I would even rate it 5 out of 5. Even if you don't like oasis I believe you will enjoy this rock album.",
61003,__label__2,Two Classics: Go Let It Out and Gas Panic! and anybody who has seen these live can attest that NO FUTURE does not apply to Oasis - Gem and Andy sound great - Liam and Noel forever.,
61004,__label__2,"What's here not to like?: I don't get the new wave of Anything-but-Oasis rock fans. I love the band regardless of all the publicity and varying opinions it has recieved. The guitar is awesome here, and the hits are undeniable. Nearly every song on the album is an instant classic. Rock on Oasis!!!",
61005,__label__2,"this is a great cd!: oasis is back! i have had the cd for quite awhile, and is still one of my favourites. noel's song writing expertice is shown in this album. liam's vocals are great. my favourite songs on this album are little james, gas panic, and where did it all go wrong. on this album i think they sound alot like and is greatly influenced by the beatles. examples like little james, written by liam, sounding like hey jude. i think this is a great album no matter what other critics may say.",
61006,__label__1,horrible: easily the most disappointing cd I've bought this year. Time for this band to split up or think seriously about the music they're putting out as this album is plain awful.,
61007,__label__1,"Don't believe the hype...this is their worst: Having been a fan of Oasis since almost literally day one (I saw them for 5 bucks at the old 9:30 Club in DC), I have followed this band VERY closely...bought all the b-sides, etc. This album is mediocre. There are maybe 3 or 4 songs that are worth listening to over and over again. It is stale, there is not much of a new direction at all except for the first (explicit) track. Buy this used, or find it as a promo, but don't drop $17. Liam sounds good, but if you're looking for more songs like ""Wonderwall"" or even ""Don't Go Away"", you won't find them here. And NOTHING here matches the brilliance of ""Definitely Maybe"", which is still probably their finest moment.",
61008,__label__2,"FxxxING IN THE BUSHES: It's a great Album. They improved noticeably from Be Here Now. Fxxxing in the bushes, Go let it out, put yer money..., I can see a liar, Little James, are all superb. I like who feels love even they are going to say that they copied George Harrison. The others are fair, but not as good.",
61009,__label__1,Not only is the actual music utterly useless...: ...but that has to be one of the worst album titles ever conceived. Apparently the giants only have one shoulder between them?,
61010,__label__1,"VERY VERY UNINSPIRED!!!: I like the first 2 oasis albuns...but this one in my opinion is the WORST of all oasis albuns...man, there's not really a great track...Besides, this is the album that really takes the attention of the audience from oasis...",
61011,__label__2,"Oasis is back in fine style: Coming in at a much more brisk 45 minutes, it is much less of a marathon than they're earlier album, Be Here Now is. But thats definately not a bad thing. The whole album as per usual is influenced heavily by The Beatles, but also with a suprising amount of other groups, such as Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, and The Jam. The songs are very solid, and makes for a cohesive album. Now if only this album can sell better than Be Here Now, which sold 7 MILLION COPIES, and was first met with critical acclaim.",
61012,__label__2,"Very nice.: Oasis on this one changed there sound here a bit.It actually properly there best album as a whole, of course thats not saying theres any songs that can match ""Wonderwall"" ""Live forever"" or ""champagne supernova"" but give it a few listens and it grows on you.Forget Heathen Chmeistry too, its far to patchy.",
61013,__label__2,"Oasis's 4th album.: Although this is another dissapointmenting album from Oasis compared with their earliear albums, its still good.The only reason why this album gets run down and ""Be Here Now"" is cause they are not classics.The worst moments are here to though.The lyrics are pretty terrible in ""Little James"" and ""Put Yer Money Where Your Mouth is"" and ""I Can See A Liar"".Best bits? ""Go Let it Out"" ""Gas Panic"" ""Where Did It All Go Wrong""",
61014,__label__2,"The last great oasis album.: Its ovious Oasis were'nt just about singing ""Wonderwalls"" all the time, they were oviously also about progression, any real band is.This album is Oasis progressing and sadly their last good album.After this they released ""Heathen Chemistry"" tried to repeat themselves with their first two albums, and succeeded somewhat for a time, but ""Heathen Chemistry"" does not stand as a classic Oasis album.And funnily enough, this one does.",
61015,__label__2,"Not the best Oasis CD but great: I like Stading on the Shoulder of Giants. It's the first CD with the new Oasis bandmates. It's probaly the worst of the albums that Oasis has put out. If your new to Oasis this wouldn't be the album I got first. I'd go get What's the story(Morning Glory). My favorite song on the cd is ""Go Let it Out."" It's a catchy tune and will get stuck in your head. I saw them do this one in concert and Liam's vocals on it are fantastic. I like Gas Panic and did like F***in the Bushes. This CD is a must for Oasis fans, but for somebody new go get Morning Glory.",
61016,__label__2,"Good, but a regression: I like most of the songs on this album and I would reccommend that any Oasis fan get's it. However it feels slightly depressing and is a definite regression on the powerful production on Be Here Now. I like all the tracks except 'I Can See A Liar' and 'Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is' - both sound idiotic to me. 'Go Let it Out' is wonderful. Oasis have lost the bright sound of earlier releases but are still great musicians.",
61017,__label__2,"It could have been better, but it still rocks!: This album is not as good as Definitely Maybe, but this new album is their most challenging yet!",
61018,__label__2,"This is a great cd!: I had my eye on Oasis when their last album came out, but I didn't buy anything of theirs until ""Standing on the Shoulder of Giants."" My original thoughts were they were too derivative for my taste, but this cd, while borrowing from sounds of the past, have come out with a sound that is truly their own. I was smitten in one listening of one song off the radio-- ""Go Let It Out."" Within 24 hours, I had the cd in my happy little hands. If you like Beatlesque clever production, psychedelic touches, attention to melody and musical craftsmanship, may I suggest Oasis' newest project.",
61019,__label__2,"just try to be open minded: Let's face it. Oasis will never be the same Oasis we know in the '90s. They are evolving, musically. Just like any other good artist is. If you expect this album to sound like ""Definitely Maybe"" or ""Morning Glory?"", don't bother buying it. But if you can put your prejudice and expectation aside, I promise you, this is an album worth listening to.",
61020,__label__2,"They will always amaze there fans and critics: Not only is this a great rock album, but it is also one of the best cd's Oasis has ever made. Almost everysong will hook the listener in. It is a great rock album, at a time where everyone listens to nothing but teeny pop music. Thank god for Oasis, to show people what real musicians can produce and make. They are talented and no one can dispute that, and they will keep making music that inspires and entertains people. In ten years most cd's will be old and no one will listen to them, but Oasis's music will never get old. I still love their first album, and listen to it on a weekly basis. They are defenatly one of the best band of the 90's, and with this album they have moved into the new century with style and grace.",
61021,__label__1,"remind me--why do we like oasis again?: ""be here now"" and now this. how many more thoroughly ordinary oasis albums will we rush out and buy before we forget how good ""morning glory"" was? this is yet another oasis album that starts with a couple of catchy openers, then descends into samey, oasisey, beatlesy nothingness until you realize the cd stopped ten minutes ago. maybe if you don't buy this one, they'll try harder next time.",
61022,__label__1,"This schtick is getting tired!: Well, it's bloody Oasis, innit? I'll give them points for at least playing guitar rock when the rest of the world has moved on to rap metal or teenybop, but there are only two good songs! Is this all they've come up with in the two and a half years since Be Here Now? And if ever there was a band that should NOT include their lyrics, it's these guys... I mean, Little James is cringe inducing. If you like Oasis, borrow it, tape the second and third songs, and go buy the new XTC record. The rest of these songs are rehashed, reheated stuff... the usual mid-tempo chuggers that never go anywhere, but go on way too long... sorry guys... this sounds totally bereft of inspiration...",
61023,__label__1,"Worst Oasis Album: I'm a big Oasis fan, but this album just falls flat. It only has ten tracks.. It opens with an instrumental (a rockin' one, at that).. and 3 of the remaining 9 songs are pretty horrible. These are ""Little James,"" the Doors rip off ""Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is"" and the lame ""I Can See A Liar (Sitting by the Fire).""The album has several highlights.. ""Go Let It Out,"" ""Where Did It All Go Wrong?"" and ""Roll It Over"" are worth the price of admission.This album isn't much of a band effort since 40% of the group left before the recording and Noel did most of it himself. Noel sings all but one of the album's b-sides and ruins some songs like ""Sunday Morning Call"" and the b-side ""Just Getting Older"" with bombastic choir backing vocals.. He almost ruins ""Roll It Over,"" but pulls it off.They pick it up a bit after that.. their next album only had two bad songs.. (the last two) and then ""Don't Believe the Truth"" was a total gem!",
61024,__label__1,"SHAME: THis band is a disgrace to rock'n roll. THeir arrogance is clearly demonstrated in this lousy album, in which they only copy their idols. Sad.",
61025,__label__1,"Terrible: I am not a fan, I don't like Oasis, I never did. They did have some good melody, now, even that is gone with the wind. The single `Go Let It Out'is supposed to be a progressive move for them, it sounds like they have been hanging around with the Beta Band for a long time, it would be good if they had the latter's standard. Poor imitation! They are trying very hard to sound like bands like Pink Floyd or the Beta Band, not Beatles anymore? People move on? Have these people grown smarter? NO WAY!! They are still stubborn and stuck-up as ever. Feel like doing them justice now, Liam has good voice and if he wants to, he can really do some fantastic stuff like what Thom Yorke does to his voice, in a different way, of course. Back to the subject, this is a terrible album, by anybody's standard,yet it still sells better than Beta Band. Isn't it ironic?",
61026,__label__2,"My brother hates it so I love it even more: Oasis doesn't sound like the beatles which is there best trait. This album beats Morning Glory because every song puts a different feel into your head. Noel, has incredible lyrical talent which is perfect with Liam's voice. You should like every song if you like good music.",
61027,__label__1,"noise and blather: What IS this??!! Effing in the bushes is what I would expect to hear on some William S. Burroughs/rock star of the moment project...tripe! The remainder of this record is formulaic and uninspired...it's no wonder that the rest of the band abandoned this project and the band so they could salvage their dignity. It's too bad, because I used to buy anything with Oasis' name on it whether I'd heard it or not. Those days are over, just as it seems the band's are.",
61028,__label__2,"All you people need to shut up: This album is great. Just because it is not traditional oasis doesnt mean it sucks. When radiohead made Kid A people got mad, but in the long run they loved it. This cd is great. it sounds like it was made in the 60s which is good and songs like Gas Panic are instant classics. If you like Oasis and hate this album then you should not even be a fan. I love every cd the same cant wait for the new one.",
61029,__label__2,"Oasis - Still Standing High on the Shoulders of Giants: Although this latest album hardly measures up to the genius of ""What's the Story (Morning Glory),"" it remains a testament to Oasis' prolific contribution to British pop. Not a complete listen through, however the two songs fronted by Noel, especially ""Sunday Morning Call"" epitomize the peak of Oasis' songwriting potential. The catchy hook and significantly deeper lyrics leave the listener wishing Noel would replace Liam's vocals in other Oasis collaborations. Although not the apotheosis of what the band could create, this album is a good listen and addition to a collection.",
61030,__label__2,"Finally!: Standing on the Shoulder of Giants took so long coming out that I almost forgot what Oasis was, but when I bought this CD I remembered. Although there isn't too much new here it's definitly worth getting. I must admit I was little disappionted. I only like half the tracks, but the good ones are really good.",
61031,__label__1,oasis' time has been over for years: oasis had its glory days (i.e. definitely maybe and what's the story morning glory) but now they're DEAD and GONE. it all went downhill with be here now. just because they've maintained their sound from the said previous albums (which isn't even necessarily a good thing) doesn't mean this album is good. go let it out wouldn't have even been deemed worthy of release if it had been on what's the story morning glory. now they're just a waste of airtime and money.,
61032,__label__2,"Oasis simply rock: If you truly love Oasis and if you can relate to their music, then there is no good or bad album, only slightly better ones. They haven't been voted the best brit pop group of the past decade for no reason!I am eagerly awaiting Stop the clocks!",
61033,__label__1,"average: actually not even average at times, that's why i give it 2 stars. satisfactory but not comparable to their previous work, which can be astounding at its best. buy only if you feel you must try every Oasis cd there is. the last Cd was much better though, and that says a lot...",
61034,__label__1,"Too much drugs: I'm an Oasis fan from Spain (sorry for my horrible english), and I was really disappointed when I listened this album for the first time. There are 4 or 5 good songs (none of which are excellent) and that was not what I expected. I think the other 3 albums are great (even Be Here Now, which by the way is my favourite Oasis album) and they don't deserve to share discography with SITSOG. Hope Noel gets the message for the next time. Did you know this is the best-seller cd in the second-hand shops in London?",
61035,__label__2,"The 3rd best Oasis CD, maybe even 2nd: Wow burried in 293 reviews of Oasis' Standing CD, I'll say this is a GREAT album. Oasis had some awesome stuff, and this is among their top releases. If you have and like Morning Glory, Standing is a must have. I'd say 9 out of 10 songs are classics on here, the only bum in the lot is the stupid Little James (nobody cares about your kid Liam just stick to singing rock and roll). Some tracks are more classic than others, and the standouts are the incredible opener F'n in the Bushes, which leads into the classic-of-classics Let It Out. Gas Panic is possibly one of the coolest, most eerie tracks ever done by a rock band, and Where Did It All Go Wrong/Sunday Morning Call - that 2 track combo (it's kind of one big happy Noel fest really) - is Oasis at their finest. I also really like the Doors tribute Put Your Money Where Yer Mouth Is. Very good groove. Like I said, it's a 9 out of 10. A must for any Oasis fan, this is one of their peaks fo",sure.
61036,__label__1,"Boring: I was a big fan of What's the Story... I believe it's one of one of the top three albums of the nineties. I even liked Be Here Now -- while not a musical or creative marterpiece, it had some catchy pop tunes that played well (e.g., Don't Go Away, All Around the World). Despite somehwat better reviews for SOTSHOG than BHN, I think the album sucks. It is completely devoid of creativity. Not one song jumped out at me. After a listen, I have absolutley no interest in hearing any of the songs again. They are boring! Further, Liam's vocal style is growing really tiresome. The band should dump him and let Noel take care of all lead vocal duties (the songs that he fronts on the album are at least somewhat bearable).",
61037,__label__1,"Oasis are dead.: Easily the worst album (they're ONLY bad album), SOTSOG is so unbelievably disappointing that it makes Be Here Now look brilliant. For any new fans of Oasis (how can there be when this is what they put out?), go buy Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory, two of the best rock albums ever made by the former-best-band-in-the-world. Only two songs on this album truly shine and those are ""Who Feels Love?"" and lil' Liam's ""Little James"". The rest is mostly average-to-poor by Oasis' standards, ESPECIALLY ""Gas Panic!"", ""Where Did It All Go Wrong?"" and ""Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is""! What happened to the band that gave us ""Whatever"" and ""Live Forever"" and ""Champagne Supernova"" and ""Digsy's Dinner""? Yes, Oasis, rest in piece.",
61038,__label__1,"When the ... don't work (or work too well): Just [garbage]. They fail. This was Oasis' last chance - I won't ever bother listening to their lousy records again. This is so ineffably lame, so uninspired...why did they bother?Apart from some impressive production, there's next to nothing worth listening to here. There's some half-hearted attempts to clone ""Wonderwall"" which leave them sounding more like Chicago than the Beatles, and then of course there's Liam's songwriting debut, a touching (read: ...) ode to his ""Little James"" which blatantly steals from ""Beautiful Boy"" - ... (...).The rest is merely prog-rock dressed up as lamb - Supertramp for the year 2000. Keep up the hype, lads, because there's plainly precious little left in the art department.",
61039,__label__1,SORRY They Can't Be CLoned: Oasis has spent too Much Time trying to SOund Like The Beatles&Bits of The ROlling Stones.I have Never Gotten The Oasis thing.they Lack any Kind Of Originality.This Album Just Sounds Like Poor Left-Over Beatle Tracks that were kept in the Vaults for a Reason.In Fact i Got the Perfect Solution for Oasis:Get Puffy to Produce You SInce Both acts Just take from Original SOurces with No mind of Originality.Oasis Hasn't changed much at all and that's the Problem.they haven't been around that Long for Formula.,
61040,__label__1,"Two Good Songs: It breaks my heart when heavyweights fail to deliver. We had pinned our hopes on Noel and Liam. Indeed, I thought they might represent the most brilliant part of the future of rock and roll. But this is their worst album, with only two good songs, Go Let It Out and Who Feels Love. It's all the more heartbreaking that these two tracks are so fine, because it suggests what Oasis might have been. Maybe if their next album is good it can salvage their place in the pantheon. But we'd been literally aching for THIS one. Their output since the magnificent What's The Story now seems to prove that they can't consistently deliver. And that's the difference between artists of historic proportions, and those who had a good album or two.",
61041,__label__1,"Standing On The Shoulders of Giants: A low point. Listening to this album, one can only pray they go back to drinking and drugging themselves to death - when they did they had a much better run at the compositions. You can really see they want to be the Beatles in this album... let's hope Yoko Ono will break them up.",
61042,__label__2,"Just simply, a good pop CD: I don't think Oasis sounds anything like the Beatles. Sure the sounds they use are similar and they're trying to recreate the fab four's broad music-scape, but Oasis has they're own writing, vocal, and attitude style. The songs on this CD are really good and they stick in your head: that is what pop music SHOULD do. That's why we're still singing all of the Beatles tunes to this day. And, I'm sure we'll be singing all of Oasis' songs tomorrow. If you like good music, check it out.",
61043,__label__1,"Disappointing!: For a band that's been away from studio releases for a few years you'd think that they could come up with some new sounding material. I think that the main review above explains it best-- while Oasis may think that they are improving on the old sounds of classic rock and are the new Beatles, the songs on this album are illustrative of those old bands low points. Stick with the first two albums, that's where Oasis actually had some clever, more original material. Of course, if you are a diehard fan, this should not disappoint you TOO much, I suppose.",
61044,__label__2,"Standing On The Shoulder of Giants: This latest album from Oasis definitely has it's good points. Unfortunately, at 10 tracks there isn't enough. There are very good songs on here however. Roll it Over is very ""Champagne Supernova ish"" while Where did it all go Wrong and Sunday Morning Call are Oasis at their best. Liam Gallagher's first song ""Little James"" is also very good. The album also includes a second disc with a classic Oasis B-Side called ""Lets All make Believe"". Length is really the only problem. It may not be anything new but why try anything different when you're doing just fine. Oasis returns to glory on this recore, definitely one to have in your collection.",
61045,__label__2,"The Best Yet: It's had a pretty lukewarm reception in the press, so I was surprised to find myself thinking that this was their best work yet. It's definitely a step forward from their previous work, especially the very good (if somewhat bloated) ""Be Here Now"". Some people are likely to be disappointed by the CD on the first listen, because its not as immediate as their previous work. Repeated listening shows this to be much more mature and intelligent, though - the songs actually say something for a change. Highlights: Gas Panic!, Sunday Morning Call and Where Did It All Go Wrong. At the end of the day, it's a great album that grows on you and it rocks, too. Buy it. Play it until it wears out. You won't regret it",
61046,__label__1,"Hmmmmmm.......: Everyone knows that ""WTSMG"" is by far the greatest Oasis album and quite frankly, as we say in dear old Blighty, this is pants. Apart from the brilliant sneeriness of ""Go Let It Out"" (a UK no. 1) and a couple of others, this is even more of a disappointment than BHN. Anyway, to be totally objective,I quite like BHN after 3 years so maybe SOTSOG is a grower and, well, Oasis are after all the greatest Beatles tribute band ever so I can't diss them too much.",
61047,__label__1,"Thats Oasis? Are You Sure?: If youre really really into them and you love Oasis, then maybe you should ask someone to buy this for you as a gift. Otherwise, youll be highly upset when you buy it and actually hear what youve spent your money on. Maybe I'm just still stuck on their first two (awesome) cd's. Maybe I need to evolve, maybe this cd sucks.",
61048,__label__2,"Manchester Lads: Well, I have to say it, the geasers from Manchester have done it again (its a little ironic to have a NYC photo on the front cover). This album is brilliant, to put it simply. Oasis with that famous Beatles touch again, but a little slower than previous album - mostly Whats the Story. Simple lyrics but musically it is excellent, possibly from the changes in the band lineup. Basically, get this if your an oasis fan!",
61049,__label__2,"Simply Incredible!: ""Standing On The Shoulder of Giants"" is a truly remarkable album. Much like WTSMG it gets better with every listen. This record will only get better with time. The mid-tempoed ""Gas Panic"" and soaring ""Where Did It All Go Wrong?"" are true high points, while ""Roll It Over"" proves as epic and emotional as ""Champagne Supernova"". This might prove to be Oasis' best record to date.",
61050,__label__2,"Best Oasis Album - no exageration!: And songwise - well definitley not.But musically they are at their best here, there is not one pointless noisy track such as ""hey Now!"" or ""Digsys Dinner""its pure quality all the way,a lthough ""I Can See A Liar"" and ""Little James"" could of been replaced with something a bit better - oh well there you go.",
61051,__label__2,"Vintage Oasis: Oasis are a band whose goal is not to be revolutionaries or originators of new musical styles, but rather, skilled preservationists of classic rock & roll. ""Standing On The Shoulder of Giants"" is Oasis' latest collection of memorable songs that will have you humming the familiar tunes wherever you go during the day. Oasis have the rare and unique ability to create albums whose songs sum up every emotion you experience in your daily life. Oasis' music serves as the soundtrack to the lives of their listeners. ""Standing"" is one of Oasis' best recordings, ranking right up there with 1995's ""(What's the Story)Morning Glory."" People who wish to judge Oasis' music by the band's personal lives or their comments in the press miss the point entirely. Oasis' music may not be revolutionary, but it's tremendously entertaining and pleasing. You won't be disappointed.",
61052,__label__2,"Get off the bandwagon.: Let the Oasis bashing stop right here. This album is so much better than Be Here Now I can't even begin to describe it. I dare say it's as good as What's the Story (Morning Glory). Bold statement, I know, but I believe it. Even the b-sides to the singles are great (especially Cigarettes in Hell). So don't listen to all the fools who say they're washed up, over, finished, etc. Buy this album right now. You won't regret it.",
61053,__label__2,"Another gem for Oasis: Noel does it again. Finally, after some time off, Oasis released SOTSOG. It was well worth that wait. Noel has come up with another set of classics that'll surely add more luster to the Oasis lore. The lyrics are fantastic, especially on ""Who Feels Love?"", ""Where Did It All Go Wrong?"", ""Sunday Morning Call"", and on the bonus track ""Let's All Make Believe."" The music is also great, matching the mood of the lyrics. Overall, this is another job well done for the band. But I still yearn for an album that'll match ""Defintitely Maybe"" and ""What's the Story? (Morning Glory)"".",
61054,__label__2,"This one will grow on you....: First listen I was a little dissapointed, It wasnt the exact ""straight ahead rock"" kind of sound that we are used to from Noel and Lliam. Several listens into it, I am starting to highly reccomend it to Oasis fans. Noel's injection of ""electronica"" isn't overwhelming, it is still guitar driven rock, and the drum loops really change the landscape of several of the songs in a catchy way. This record showcases Lliams best vocals yet... and although Noel takes the music in a little different direction, it still has the big-loud-audacious-in-your-face feel to it. And isnt that why we all love Oasis?",
61055,__label__2,"Not their best, but still worth it!: Well, I have just bought the cd, and may I say, it takes some getting used to. It starts off with a catchy instrumental and then takes off into the Oasis sound. I wasn't expecting what I got, but after some listening, I enjoyed it. Some people are not giving this album the credit it deserves, while I do admit, dome people give it too much. Overall, I urge you to buy this album, it is worth it!",
61056,__label__1,"Freedom From Fundamentalism: If you enjoy being deceived then you will like this book. The existence of Mary Ann Collins is questionable. No one that I can find has ever seen or met her. She refuses to give it any information about what convent she allegedly joined. I am a former fundamentalist preacher who is now a Catholic priest. I found freedom from fundamentalism in the ""pillar and foundation of truth"" that is the Catholic Church. You can too, see [...] the Catholic Answers page.",
61057,__label__1,"Not worth the price tag: Take Chris Brenton's ""Multiprotocol Network Design and Troubleshooting"" book, add some information on Token Ring, AppleShare, Banyan, LANtastic as well as a number of other dead technologies, slap Mark Minasi's name on the cover and increase the price by $15 and what do you get? ""The Complete Network Upgrade & Maintenance Guide"". I kid you not, I compared these two books page by page and the text on all of the current technologies is identical word for word. Sybex burned me on this book but never again. It makes me wonder if all the current Minasi books are thrown together the same way.",
61058,__label__1,"Horrible movie!: I have always been a huge fan of both Helen Hunt and Bette Midler so I thought that a movie with them together had to be a winner. Big mistake on my part! I was and still shocked by the screenplay's continual negative reference to international adoption. The movie's dialogue has constant commentary about ""no, I don't want a Chinese baby"". As an adoptive parent, I am painfully aware that not everyone understands my choice or how international adoption works but I found the commentary offensive. I cannot recommend this movie to anyone!",
61059,__label__1,"A punch in the stomach.: Love all these actors. The story was interesting and flowing nicely. Felt a jab when Bette first said my Lord's name, but a real kick in the stomach toward the end of the movie when His name was mixed with a foul word. This should not be. I am offended. Hollywood should consider those of us who love and honor Jesus Christ.",
61060,__label__1,"Boo, Hiss: This vendor:1. took too long to get the product too me - TWO WEEKS - arrived PAST THE LAST DUE DATE.2. Never responded to my questions/complaints.3. I don't think they shipped the product on the day they said. I think they shipped at the last minute AFTER I started complaining.",
61061,__label__2,"I Can Relate: Then She Found Me was a unique movie that I appreciated. As an adoptee who has searched for birthfamily I could relate to this story, I appreciated the rawness and realness this story provided. Each character had a story that was heard. I would recommend this movie to anyone with experience and/or is curious about adoption and relationships within it.",
61062,__label__1,"ok: predictable, but enteraining enough to continue to watch, and know what the ending will be. Part of my problem is, I am not a Helen Hunt fan, so for me, she is a distraction. does the woman ever smile, is not always in angst? Light mindless entertainment.",
61063,__label__1,"No laughs,maybe one chuckle: I found this movie very sad and rather boring since I enjoy laughing.There were no laughs, even the actors had nothing to laugh about.I agree with some of the other reviews in that Bette Midler was the only spark ofentertainment in the whole movie.She was the only one worth watching.If I had the ""zero stars"" option, I would have clicked that.",
61064,__label__1,"Sad: This movie was reccommended to us by a relative who enjoyed it. Throughout the whole movie, April (Hunt), just makes a bigger mess of her life. I was waiting for something signifigant to happen, something good, but it never did. The ending was nice but not well done. I cannot give it away but it skipped around a bit and ended abruptly.",
61065,__label__1,"Sad movie: I think that it is very sad that Colin Firth will take up any role as long as he is paid for it. For me his 1994 movie ""The Playmaker"" is an example of that. Now I can add another movie ""Then she found me"" to this list. Dialogue is strained and not flowing too well. There is no fire between him and Helen Hunt. Even with tons of makeup on her face, she looks older than the supposed age of mid forties. If you do not believe me, look at the movie ratings, it has not been out for 2 weeks and its sales rating is above 200.",
61066,__label__1,"I thought it had to get better??? Right?: With Colin Firth and Bette Midler and Hunt I thought it had to at least be decent. I kept waiting for it to get better but it started in the gutter(metaphorically) and stayed there. I stayed to the end only to wish I had the time back but thought maybe it would redeem itself. I don't blame the actors completely, the writers and director seems to have beaten the life out of them and they acted just enough to get out of their contracts and hope like heck that no one ever sees this ""film"".",
61067,__label__1,"Not romantic and not a comedy: I'm not sure what to say about this movie. I was excited to see the star line up, but didn't particularly like any of the characters. I didn't mourn the end nor celebrate the beginning of any of the relationships. I was mostly puzzled and wondering why?",
61068,__label__1,"Couldn't Watch: I don't know if Helen Hunt was sick or dieted until she looked terrible, but I found it so disconcerting that I could not enjoy or finish watching the film. She should have played Bet Middler's mother - not the other way around.",
61069,__label__1,"Awful: Colin Firth and Bette Midler are good actors but this movie is just awful. Helen Hunt is just so depressing. There is nothing light or funny about this movie, as the cover might imply.",
61070,__label__2,"Amazing: I must admit that I was reluctant to rent this move, as a black woman I couldn't help but think, ""what's in it for me?"" with not much else to choose from, I took this movie home and found it lacking in nothing. The acting was superior from top to bottom, the dialog --- let me just say, nothing should be this funny and honest and sad and true, and the outcomes! This movie falls far away from the familiar, in that, just like life, you don't get what you'd hoped for, and people don't come in neat packages, but you do get all that you need. Helen Hunt, I can only pray that this will NOT be her last directorial excursion. Well done",
61071,__label__1,"Painstakingly boring.: There are many movies that don't get made for a long time because people are afraid to take a financial risk on something different. There are other movies that maybe just shouldn't be made. This is the latter. I can't give it one star because it was well acted. The few people who recognize this title probably sought it out and are into a very niche sort of veiwer. They will like this because it is what it is. A bad Lifetime movie sort of offering but well acted and filmed. This movie just isn't compelling or funny or other. If Helen and the artists involved made it out of their own pocket and produced it as a labor of love, more power to them. They created what they were after and it is a work they can appreciate themselves. It doesn't matter what the world thinks.",
61072,__label__1,"Watch if bored: Story about a woman who was adopted at an infant age. Now an adult the desire to have her own kids is extreme enough to marry a ""man"" and get pregnant. Through the roller coaster of love, marriage, and relationship change up her biological mother tracks her down. Very predictable twist and turns.",
61073,__label__1,"Great cast, but disappointing...: I chose this movie assuming that a good cast equals a quality film. Well, I was wrong. I found the movie choppy, unbelievable and poorly written/produced. Helen Hunt appears much older than age 39 and malnourished, but even that would have been tolerable if her character was truly believable and, in my opinion, authentically Jewish. I've enjoyed the actors in previous movies, but this movie, Then She Found Me, seemed to be thrown together without being constructively reviewed or edited. For me, it was excruciating to watch because I hoped at any moment there would be chemistry between the characters and a well produced movie. There were a few touching parts of this movie toward the very end, but those were overshadowed by the lack of consistency throughout.",
61074,__label__2,Lovely Family story: We had never heard of this movie byt because of the stars we watched it. It was delightful and made us wonder what else we were missing.,
61075,__label__1,"AWEFUL: A BORE, BAD ACTING, AKWARD AND PLAIN BAD. TORTURE JUST SITTIING THROUGH 10 MINS OF THIS MOVIE. DONT WASTE YOURE TIME.",
61076,__label__1,"Hurtful, selfish, stupid movie: My wife and I hated this movie. We turned it off. It was hurtful and fake, and if anyone has gone through the things this movie portrayed would be as angry at this movie as we were. don't watch.",
61077,__label__1,"Not what I expected: I rented that movie mainly because of Colin Firth. Well.. what was he doing in that boring movie? An actor of his calibre deserves much better roles than that. The story is not captivating at all, so much so that my husband slept half through it, and it's a miracle I watched it till the end...hoping for a miracle that din't happen. Such a disappointing movie!",
61078,__label__1,"could have been better: In reality my review reflects more on Helen Hunt's appearance than the movie itself. It is difficult to evaluate and appreciate the movie when you are bogged down by the appearance of one of the actors. Hunt has aged considerably and quickly and additionally looks oddly thin. I am all for an aging actress landing a role and doing so without Botox and other wonders of modern medicine, however, casting such an actress appropriately is essential to the flow of a film. In this movie, Hunt plays a 38 year old, while in reality she was 43, and looks beyond her 43 years. It is not a good casting decision. Unfortunately, Hunt directs and obviously made a poor decision here. Normally, I would hate to criticize appearances, but when casting someone to play a character a few years younger, the actress needs to convincingly convey a younger look. The opposite happened here, with a character that looks ten years older than she is portrayed.",
61079,__label__1,"What a Stinker: As a Massive Bette Midler fan and quite fond of Helen Hunt - This Movie is a Stinker...Boring to boot, no excitement , very little emotion...Hads i seen this at the cinema i would want a refund...I love you Bette however this was another bad choice of movie role.",
61080,__label__1,"Gets a No Stars Rating!!!: PLEASE- DON'T let this whiny, selfish, humorless- and *always* scowling Helen Hunt- centered piece of garbage put you off reading Eleanor Lipman's sweet, gentle, humorous novel.This DRECK only resembles the book in title and that a few of the characters bear the same name as in the book. The resemblance dies there- not even the first few (stupid, off-putting story) lines of this dope-us are from the book.Skip this ""film"" and read Ms. Lipman's sweet, charmingly low-key novel.",
61081,__label__1,Can it get worse ?: This movie is so gosh awful it's hard to put in words.The story is so scripted. No emotion or relaity in it at all.Helen Hunt walks around looking like a total hag with a wrinkled brow (she looks well over 50 when she is supposed to be playing a 39 year old. And skinny! What happened to her?) I did not like her character at all. AT ALL!!There is no chemistry between her character and Colin Firth's .. It's ridiculous. And I hated the way she treated her birth mother.Can you tell me ONE possible motive for someone to lie about being someone's mother?? That is just stupid.Bette Midler is lovely but I am embarrassed for her that she took part in this total dog of a film.,
61082,__label__1,"What happened to Helen Hunt?: If this movie was re-marketed as a horror movie, I might be able to watch it through because Helen Hunt looks horrible. She looks like she's aged 30 years since that sitcom. Maybe she was abducted by aliens and drained of all fluids. To make matters worse, just when you figure out that there's nothing wrong with the TV or your eyes, they make an issue out of her turning 39 when she looks like she's 59. It's utterly unwatchable after that.",
61083,__label__1,"Boring: Kept waiting for it to get better - but it didn't. Characters weren't believable and it wasn't funny enough to make it as ""romantic comedy"". Really pretty stupid. Unnecessary use of the F word. I couldn't even watch to the end it was so boring and empty. I was looking for light chick flick brain candy - but this was empty even for that. blech, don't waste your time and certainly not your money.",
61084,__label__1,"Dull, inauthentic, unsympathetic: Fabulous cast in an awful movie. Since I was bored I had plenty of time to think: is Colin Firth ashamed of having made this thing?, how did they get Bette Midler to agree to be in this movie?, who was the guy always with the Bette Midler character? why is her brother absent so much of the film? And in general why is the Helen Hunt character so unlikeable and yet is so loved by her mother, bio-mother, brother and two men? There is nothing to make all those people want to be with her. Should have watched re-runs of Mad About You.",
61085,__label__1,"Get out the clothes-pins ... Stinkeroo!: Helen Hunt plays a newly married 39-year old woman whose biological clock is ticking. Her callow hubby, played by Matthew Broderick, dumps her and she soon thereafter takes up with the father (Colin Firth) of one of her preschool students. Right!The cast is strong but cannot carry this weak plot. The characters are two-dimensional and formulaic. There wasn't a single one I cared for. At times, Helen Hunt sounds like she is literally reading her lines. The pacing is slow as a tortoise.I wish she hadn't found me!",
61086,__label__2,Then She Found Me - touching and funny: Bette Midler's performance made this movie. Great cast. Feel good movie. Probably would relate most to women so watch it with your best girlfriend.,
61087,__label__1,"Who looks older: Hunt or Midler?: I agree with all the critical comments here: the plot is hackneyed and painfully predictable; Hunt keeps playing the same role over and over; Firth must've needed the money; Broderick is over the hill; I also agree with the positive reviews, in particular those who note that Bette was the one bright spot. I just couldn't make it to the end. All I could think about was how bad Hunt looked; is she anorexic?. Something seriously wrong here: Bette was born in 1945, Hunt in 1963! While I admire Hunt for her work offscreen getting the book made into a film, I'm afraid it wasn't worth the effort. I'm glad I got this through Amazon Prime. If I had paid for it, I would be annoyed more than I already am for wasting one hour on this film. Admittedly, this wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but it sure wasn't the best!",
61088,__label__1,"I watched the whole film and now I wonder why I did: I kept waiting to care about the characters in this film but, after wasting the nearly 2 hours it took to get to the end of the story, I found that NONE of the characters had a single redeeming or likable quality and I couldn't have cared less about how any of them ended up.I'll admit that I've never much liked Helen Hunt as an actor but, since I do (usually) like the other leading actors, I didn't but should have followed my better instincts to just shut the film off.What this film shows are 4 different examples of totally messed up adults that never managed to mature. The ONLY ""grown up"" decision was made by one of the characters at the age of 15. Beyond that, nothing but emotional cripples. Sound like your cup of tea? It sure doesn't come close to mine!I'd recommend you pass on this one.(2 STARS instead of 1 simply because I like watching a couple of the actors. Probably should have given it only 1 STAR.)",
61089,__label__2,"enjoyed it: Helen Hunt did a good job directing and acting in this movie about second chances. The romantic chemistry worked very believably for me, while it moved a bit fast. Ms. Hunt's unglossed appearance added at times to the emotional rollar coaster she was riding. Other times, she looked so bad that it was a bit distracting. Bottom line: enjoyed it and would watch it again.",
61090,__label__1,"Great actors, terrible script: Because of the great actors in it, I was eagerly anticipating this movie. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. Though Hunt tried, the script just didn't let the actors bring their characters to the screen. In short, save your money.",
61091,__label__2,"Classic romantic comedy: Colin Firth and Helen Hunt have palpable chemistry in this small gem of a romantic comedy. Their characters have been given a bit of a raw deal by the world and they are understandably gun shy, but as with all good romantic comedies, the pleasure is in how they get from where they're stuck to where they belong. Bette Midler and Matthew Broderick also deliver standout performances in key roles. Recommended.",
61092,__label__2,not a bad flick: We recently killed DirecTV so have reverted to Amazon Prime and NetFlix. This was a movie neither of us had ever heard of but decided to watch it. We both enjoyed it and decided we'll have to watch it again,
61093,__label__1,Don't waste your time: This movie was SLOW and boring. I kept waiting for it to get better but it didn't. Gave up after an hour.,
61094,__label__2,Good Film: Helen Hunt is a wonderful actress and has a great supporting cast in this film. I would recommend this movie.,
61095,__label__2,"Fabulous story: This is such a sweet story, and a great movie. Helen Hunt is great, and Bette Midler is, well, she's just simply a goddess. The only flaw of the movie is this: How on EARTH could she have wanted to go back to that guy?! It wasn't very believable, because Matthew Broderick, as much as I love him, wasn't very convincing. I would have hung him out to dry. Otherwise, it's SO worth seeing. Very sweet.",
61096,__label__1,"Hunt's Good....Movie ISN'T!: Wow...what a jumpy, choppy, uninteresting story. There are many great actors in this movie that just seem lost. Hunt does a great job with her character, but the movie isn't strong enough for it. Broderick was just an extra it seemed, appearing in random segments. Midler's performance was annoying. Poor Firth should have picked a better script as well.Don't bother with this one. This movie just proves the extreme excess that Hollywood pays for substandard quality.",
61097,__label__1,"Directing and Acting is Distracting: I am not sure what Helen Hunt was thinking here, but this movie is a total waste of time. It's also a total waste of Colin Firth's talent. Ms. Hunt looks terrible in this film and I am not sure if that is the way her character is supposed to look. Even with a little bit of make-up on, she looks very tired. The dialogue is snappy and at times funny and that is partly due to Bette Midler's comedic talents. Both, she and Colin Firth, save the film in some of the scenes. Matthew Broderick looks like he is being forced to act. The story and how it evolves is choppy at best and does not have a consistency to it that could have saved the film on some level. Helen Hunt is a terrific actress and should stick to acting because directing and acting at the same is distracting. And it shows.",
61098,__label__2,"Lighthearted story: This is one film I wish was a bit longer. good cast, well acted but ended too soon. Good movie.",
61099,__label__2,"Good Bones: The movie overall kept my attention, a typically prefer a little more comedy. This did not really have any comedic moments at all. Colin Firth was great in his character, it certainly made me respect him as an actor so much more than I already did.",
61100,__label__1,"Don't waste your time: All of the actors had great ernest, but the story was so contrived and you really never cared for the protagonist (Helen Hunt). I'm not sure why this story got told. I overall left me displeased with all of the characters and more than a bit sad. Not a RomCom, just a forced drama.",
61101,__label__1,"Dull and boring: Helen Hunt plays a ""Calamity Jane"" role in this slow moving story. Even Bette Midler fails to save the dull story line.",
61102,__label__1,"Strange, slow and awkward: I couldn't get into this movie and only made it about 25 minutes. It was boring and awkward, even with a great cast.",
61103,__label__2,Nice little movie: I really liked the movie. All of the actors are good and the story seemed true to life. I would recommend this film.,
61104,__label__1,"Pedestrian and somewhat trite despite good actors: I am a big fan of all the actors in this movie. Unfortunately, the movie comes across as stilted, unrealistic and a downer. Helen Hunt, who I love, gives a grimacing, frowning performance, sans makeup. She looks tired and like she doesn't want to be in the movie. Although she has awful things happen to her, like her husband leaving,she has sex with him in a car with the door open on a public street. What? And why Colin Firth would want to be with her is a mystery.This movie is a prime example of why some actors should not be directors.",
61105,__label__1,"Horrible Horrrible Horrrrrrrible Movie: This is a horrible movie. Don't watch it. It's boring and the acting is awful. You think it's going somewhere and then it leads you to a brickwall where you ask yourself ""Why did I watch this movie?"" The movie is slow, the lighting, sets, and writing are bad. The acting is just horrible. I really feel like the director failed these actors. These actors are great, just not in this movie. Also, the main character sucks, she really deserves a horrible life because she expects nothing from her life. She does nothing to make herself move forward in a positive way. Hey if you want to watch a movie about people who are negative and get themselves stuck in a hole, a boring, why watch this movie, hole? Go ahead and waste an hour and 41 minutes with this movie. It will make you want to blow your brains out due to the fact that anyone watching this movie could have written a better movie.",
61106,__label__1,"Even for free, a lame movie: I watched this movie for free thru Amazon Prime. Helen Hunt - love her. Bette Midler - great. Matthew Broderick and Colin Firth - good actors. But the movie itself was just lame. Not sure there was a point to all of it... a lot of disappointing choices made by the characters, more cursing than I care for, no real ""highs"" and just not a ""feel good"" movie. I don't recommend... even for free.",
61107,__label__1,"Awful: Helen Hunt looked awful - did not look age of ""39 and a half years"" as her character is supposed to be. Her acting was flat. Too many unconnected and weird things, too unrealistic, parts too over the top, others too flat. Watched the whole movie but it ended abuptly, seemed an odd finish. Not worth your time!",
61108,__label__1,"Yuck: Half way through watching this I realized I had already seen it a few years ago, but it was so unremarkable I had forgotten all about it. Helen Hunt's character just has nothing going for her. She's cold and unappealing; her angst is uninteresting and seems self-centered. One wonders what the Colin Firth character (why there are 2 starts isatead of 1) sees in her. Normally I like these actors, but ... don't waste your time!",
61109,__label__1,"Avoid: Aftetr two excellent records (Ok there had been Sky Yen also before), he came out with this very disappointing record. Strange.",
61110,__label__2,"THIS IS NOT A BOOK WRITTEN BY PAULO COELHO: Although interesting, this is a book written by another author. Amazon.com should verify why the book is in included among Coelho's books.",
61111,__label__1,"What's that stench?: Oh, it's this book...I picked up this book in a bookstore. The introduction promised it to be a great guide to everything you need to get done on a linux system. On a quick flip through the chapters were logically laid out and is seemed to be a friendly read.Unfortunately, this book has almost no depth to it. Even for experienced sys admins this book would be of little value.Do Not Buy This Book.",
61112,__label__1,"Not worth looking at if you're serious: This book was on discount sale at my local bookstore and I see why now. For someone who has never touched Linux or Unix and wants to read a glorified advertising brochure about its potential, this is a good text. It answers the question ""what is possible if I were to buy Linux"" and maybe ""how would I get started if all goes well""...not the real system admin questions like ""what can I do exactly"" or ""how do I do the following..."". If you are an experienced Linux user (like even 2 days experience) you'll be offended by this book.",
61113,__label__1,A Starting point at best: I found this book to deal with several importiant issues. The problem that I had with the book was the lack of real world examples. I have learned more about surfing the internet than I did from this book.,
61114,__label__1,"I am disappointed.: As a beginner to Linux, I bought this book 5 months ago, mainly because it promised ""practical advice from expert system administrators"" and on browsing, was very readable. However I found later to my disappointment that this book did not deliver good practical guide to installing or administrating Linux. It covers a lot of topics but most of them in a superficial manner. For problems I came across and turned to this book, I had in most cases, not been able to find the answers. I definitely do not recommend it to someone who needs help to learn and setup a Linux system from the ground up.",
61115,__label__1,"Who is this book for?: I'm a pretty experienced computer interested in setting up and running my first Linux based server. This book sets out to be the 'ultimate' Linux book, but neither addresses the immediate needs of novices nor the specific technical needs of an advanced user. You'd be better of just reading the Linux 'Howto' docs and other information freely available on the Internet than buying this doorstop.",
61116,__label__1,"False advertisement: This ink was advertised as Brother Model LC41BK Black Injet Cartridge, leading me to believe it was Name brand, but when it arrived, it was compatible, not original. I feel this was very missleading and false advertisement. If I wanted compatible ink, I would have looked for compatible ink and paid the appropriate price. I only give it two stars because the ink is compatible. I won't buy from databazaar again!",
61117,__label__1,breaks quickly: The produst lasted me all of a month before the power cord broke. I tried contacting their websales department but i never recieved a response. tech support told me there was nothing they could do so my $80 burner remains useless. definatley buy at your own risk.,
61118,__label__2,"Nicely Done: This Yellow Pages is a great resource for online shopping! If you are looking for great Internet guides for Kids & Family, High School, and College students, check out the You Are Here Internet series!",
61119,__label__2,"This is a great dream book: If you love guitars you probably love GIBSON Les Pauls. This book will relax you through the dreamworld of priceless guitars in perfectly clear photograpghy and information. You won't put it down, I guarantee it. This is a 'must have' book to settle questions and just cheer you up to flip through it again and again. Buy. Love it. Enjoy it for life. DO NOT LEND IT TO ANYONE.",
61120,__label__2,50 Years of the Gibson Les Paul: Half a Century of the Greatest Electric Guitars: Very informative and extremely well illustrated. I now feel like an authority on the LP.,
61121,__label__2,"God's Festivals in Scripture and history part 1: This is a good book for those who are interested in ancient Jewish history.I had part 2 of the series which I wanted to read, but you can not read part 2 without part 1.The book was advertised as used but the condition was that of a new book.It took approximately 10 days to arrive.",
61122,__label__1,In Defence of the Revolution: Ms. Rosendahl's book reads more like a master's thesis than an informative book. It was apparent to this reader that she started with strong feminist and socialist tendencies which caused the conclusions to be less than candid.Expect a book that starts with preconcieved notions that socialism is a very good thing and that without Castro's revolution there would have been no progress in Cuba in the last thirty years.Overall a very dry boring work that was difficult to follow. Many of her conclusions will ring very false with anyone who has visited Cuba in the last eight years or has the ability to form objective opinions of the state of the people.,
61123,__label__2,"Unfortunately misunderstood by most: If only people actually listen to the lyrics, and see George Michael's comments on his official web site, this song will be more appreciated. Many people just rush into the judgment. Rare for George Michael to make such an obvious political song, so I was very intrigued. He also continues to produce cross over between funk and disco, almost remind you of Prince. If you liked early George Michael songs, you will appreciate this song. I don't really care for remixes, but the video is worth it. I can't wait for his new album.",
61124,__label__2,"Bill Naughton's, Alfie.: I have read the book by Bill Naughton and seen both of the films and i think they are all very good. I thought the recent film starring Jude Law was unfairly criticised. Alfie is the story of a young womaniser who always thinks he has the best end of the deal, concerning his relationships with women. He loves his life, and he appears very happy and content. But what becomes apparent is that Alfie is quite a tragic and lonely character. He sums up the whole story himself when he says ""without peace of mind, you have nothing, and i haven't"" I think the story is really good, on the surface it appears this is just a story of a womaniser but as you read on you realize there is much more to it than it seems.",
61125,__label__1,"Alfie Waste of time and paper: The nicest thing that I can say about this book is that it is a quick read. The main character, Alfie is a womanizing, abusive, egotistical,despisable man. He is every man you warn the women you love to stay away from. He hurts the married women that he dates (okay, they are cheating, so they deserve it)but he hurts innocents (Annie)too. None of the charcters are likeable - the woman are either stupid, cheaters, or weak. I found the book to be shallow and am very glad to be done with it.",
61126,__label__2,"A transitional book: While this book is not a bad read, it simplly serves as a transition for the series, and not a pivotal one. The relationship between Toby and Alexandra is deepened. Henry Blake's problems with his German nemesis and the new King of Spain are continued. Also, the debut of Cindy Holt's skills as an artist are begun. But really, this is a fairly easy book to skip if one is trying to read the whole series. Still, if you find it, buy it and read it. Just don't go out of your way for it.",
61127,__label__2,"Good: Very Good. I now have the completed series and have enjoyed it a lot. blah, blah, blah, blah blah & blah",
61128,__label__2,"How to save money!: Good previous reveiws. Additionaly, the book is written in a format that lends itself to quick refrence. This makes it invaluable to those who in need of ""How do I do that right now?"". One last detail is that the program is cross-platform and can write PDF compatible files.",
61129,__label__1,"poor index = poor reference book: I don't want to study a 600-page tome. I just want a good reference book so I can quickly look up what I need to know.I don't know how to ""cross out"" lines in Open Office Writer. (Some people call this a ""strikethrough"" function).So I went to the index (a scant 16 pages for so much material -- all of Open Office, and Thunderbird and Firefox too!). I looked up ""cross"" then I looked up ""strike."" Nothing. No help at all.Other issues I've searched for in this book have likewise led to nowhere.This book's 600 pages may contain much info, but this is a poor reference book for a ""quick look up.""",
61130,__label__2,"Wolf hits a home run. His style is legendary.: Peter Wolf should finally get his due as a songrwriter. Although best known as the J.Geils frontman, he has always been a great music evaluater and songwriter. His versatility of R&B, Soul, Blues and Rock are felt on virtually every song. As the liner notes state, Wolf's famous saying is ""99 1/2 won't due"". By listening to this cd, you can tell that he is true to his word and has given 100% or more. Let's just hope he tours to promote this disk and that the radio stations wisen up and start playing more Peter Wolf.",
61131,__label__2,treat yourself....: Leon Thomas is an amazing voice that is almost forgotten already. Do yourself a favor and get this recording!(apparently this review needs to be 20 words long.. .I don't have much more to say. Check it out.. its good for your head!),
61132,__label__2,Romantic story of Elizabeth Von Kaserin: A film for all ages. Beautiful cinematography and sumptuos settings. Bavaria in its natural splendor is the setting for one of the best love stories with a happy ending. This is a classic promoting love for nature and simplicity.,
61133,__label__2,Practical and funny: I read it once a year to brush up. I also use it as a reference book for specific topics.,
61134,__label__2,"Dr. Mom Chung: I knew Mom Chung well, visited her soirees many times, and have had memorable experiences with her. The book is perhaps overly scholarly, but conveys her character and influence well. I feel she would approve it.Herb Puffer",
61135,__label__1,"I wish there was a lower rating!: When you spend money on a study guide you expect to at least cover the basics needed for the test. You do not get it here. A lot of the material on the test was not covered here, unless you count a website address. Sorry, but for this money I expect the book to cover it and any links to be for more in depth information. For example the book did not even cover the basic html in enough depth to have answered 1/2 of the questions I had on my exam (I passed, but only because I was only also studying Network+ at the same time). Save your money!",
61136,__label__1,"Not worth your time.: This book was useless (even with its sister books). The book I purchased for the Network+ had more info relevent to the test (and that wasn't much). I did manage to pass the test, but only from previous experinces and sheer luck. Strongly recommend you look elsewhere",
61137,__label__2,"Psychologist, PHD student, London: The structure and the text is very clear and easy to understand. Very good work! The book is full of clever and nice pictures which give a good visual view of the context. One of the sufficient books for an Introduction to General Psychology.Aesthetically, it is a very attractive work as well. The review is for the first edition as well.",
61138,__label__2,"A Rage to Live: I read this book many years ago & enjoyed it. I have read most of John O'Hara's books & decided to reread them. This particular book is about Harrisburg, & Fort Hunter which are local to my home. I am truly enjoying it all over again.",
61139,__label__1,Phooey!: I think I am alone in my opinion that pretty much everything written or said in the 60's was over blown pap.O'Hara's fantasy women drop their pants and have orgasms like men. Men wish...I've tried a couple of his stories now and I don't get his appeal. He sounds like he's being paid by the word. His women are from another planet. Men only wish that sex were that easy.O'Hara's reputation is much like another icon of the 60's -- Elizabeth Taylor.Producers kept giving her employment in film - and even after the gushing results - they voted to give her AWARDS!!But then I thought Elvis Presley was an embarrassment too -,
61140,__label__1,"crap designer's republic rip off... no original ideas here: DED are a direct derivative of designer's republic and they know it. It is not enough that they are in the same building and that they use the same design styles and that they steal the look, feel and personality of DR... they had to go and publish this truly pedestrian book.DED are perfect examples of pragmatic, uninteresting, mediocre designers.Read this if your goal in life is to be a low-level production artist who cuts up the work of others.",
61141,__label__1,"False Advertising: Advert states that you will recieve a ""Case of 12"" - I received 1 box of 20 bags. The advert also states that you are getting ""90% Off"" - I don't know of ANYONE that would pay $90 for one box of 20 tea bags. The statement in this case rings true, ""If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is!"" Even after contacting the seller, I received NO reply. Shady business practices and this seller should be avoided.",
61142,__label__2,"Tommy Saunders is fantastic!: The liveliest Saunders to date. His cornet really jumps, a' la his mentor's, Wild Bill's, except that Tommy has also added his own personal spin. Great selection of tunes on this CD.",
61143,__label__1,"No Heat: I bought this item for the warmth. The heat level is so low that I never can tell when the heat is on. As for the massage, it's about what I expected - no good at all. Overall, I would say this item is worthless.",
61144,__label__2,"Foot Happiness: Sitting at a desk for most of the day, the foot warmer/massager is a terrific way to keep feet ""happy"". 4 stars due to lack of color choice, other than that, Dr. Scholl's is an excellent way to pamper yourself.",
61145,__label__2,Worth the time!: Excellent book. Took the mystery out of home buying and allowed us to negotiate a better mortgage rate (and not pay any points)!,
61146,__label__2,"A Penny for Our Thoughts: Of course the first chapter of this novel is what Britain (and a few happy Americans) are raving about. But with her lucid, fast-paced array of voices, Ali Smith has done something very few peers are managing these days, cast a vivid new world with crisp, strong characters. While I can agree at some points the pool seemed to be growing shallower (the gimmicky use of '&', {can somebody help me recall the name of that symbol?} and the occasional moral lesson shouted and waved) I was hooked right through to the very end.If you tried Kerouac once and put him down forever, dont go near this book. If you enjoy a powerful new voice that tends to bend (if not create) the rules, buy this book! It's one you'll tell your friends about.",
61147,__label__1,"Disappointing: Based on the reviews, I thought I would be treated to a fresh new novel from a fledgling author. Instead what I got was what appeared to be a homework assignment for a creative writing class. Throughout the book, I felt like literary devices were being foisted upon me. Like she had to use a requisite number before completing this mind-numbing novel.",
61148,__label__2,"Worth it.: I'm afraid I must, to a degree, disagree with the reviewer 'Virginia'. Yes, the book had style issues, at times annoying, but it still worked.I, like her, had problems with the first little chapter, it was creepy and strangely written. But as I moved through the book - particularly the third and fourth stories - I found myself enjoying it. The fifth story was completely unreadable though.All in all, I believe Ms. Smith has potential, if it was at times misused in this novel - the story still touched me, and the ending was spectacular.",
61149,__label__2,"tour de force: This book's been getting really amazing reviews on both sides of the Atlantic and I can see why. At last a literary book for grown up people. This book really pushes the way you read, and the way you understand the world. I couldn't put it down. Made me feel happy about the future (and the present) of fiction. Thank God for it.",
61150,__label__1,"Pass: Yes, it's another book that made me cranky. From here on I will never ever ever again read another stream-of-consciousness I'm-so-clever-I'm-not-writing-a-linear-tale kind of book. Please keep them away from me. I read about 1/3 of this and then said, enough. No thank you. This one's going to the Sally Ann too. Woo----hoooooooooooo, if I had a dumbwaiter, I'd chuck this book down it.",
61151,__label__1,horrid!: I can't believe I actually finished this dreadful book. Unique definitely does NOT mean good! My lasting impression of this book is: What was the Booker Prize shortlist committee thinking?,
61152,__label__1,Totally disappointing.: I forced myself through half the book and had to give up. What hype this novel got - it was sure not deserved.,
61153,__label__1,"Disappointing: Hotel World is a disappointing little book. For all of its accolades and promise, it falls incredibly short. The story sounded promising, five women, two sisters, one dead. Unusual writing style, somewhat unformatted and different. Different sounded promising rather than annoying. I thought the characters mostly unlikeable and mousy. I found one character's chapter to be completely unreadable due to the complete lack of any punctuation.",
61154,__label__1,"I disagree with most reviews - i just didn't like it: I know that i am going against the grain here, but i do NOT think this is a good book. Or even an average book. Hotel World was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and the Orange Prize for Fiction in 2001. I find that very scary. This to me is a pretentious, try-hard attempt at fiction. There are five separate, tenously connected narratives written in various first-person styles. Not a bad premise, but Smith manages to leave it dead in the water. The only really interesting section is from the perspective of a dead character. There are a few interesting snippets, but they are mired in boring dross about characters that i couldn't manage to care about - i kept waiting for a character to grab me - and they didn't. Even the attempt at a resolution didn't bring it together. What a shame.",
61155,__label__1,"Barely Business, no Conversation: The title is comletely misleading. This is a book of grammar exercises. Chapters are entitled Nouns"", ""Verbs"", ""Correct Punctuation""- you get the idea. Even the sentences and examples used in the grammar are unrelated to business. The only bow to business is in the last 20 or so pages which are about letter writing, telegrams (!), memos and other business writing forms. As far as I can see, there is no conversation skill practice at all. I gave it two stars because it you want a succint little grammar practice book, it's ok. But go elsewhere for business and/or conversation.",
61156,__label__1,Not very good!: This books title is misleading. It has very little conversation and even less business conversation. It is a good reference book. It could also be a supplement book for a class but when working overseas it could only prove to be useful asa supplement for the teacher.,
61157,__label__1,Backup and Recovery needs work.: I didn't find sufficient information about backup and recovery. I was a little disappointed that it wasn't as user friendly as I had hoped.,
61158,__label__1,"you wouldn't want a doctor learning this way.: Finding an error on page 3 re: an import command shook my confidence right off of the bat! It comes with a 'crib sheet' to memorize and do a brain suck on before you take the exam...pleeze don't pursue a Professional Certification this way. Buy something like Oracle Press - Couchman read it, understand it, build you biceps and be prepared for the exam and the job.",
61159,__label__1,"Poor content and limited information on Backup & Recovery: The poor organization of this book is overshadowed by the mistakes and lack of information. There is very, very limited information on Backup and Recovery and is not enough to pass the Exam. The only thing positive thing about this book is The Cram Sheet, an insert in the front of the book. My advice, go to a book store and rip The Cram Sheet out; You'll get more information in jail than from this book.",
61160,__label__1,Poorly written.: Too many errors and several sections that just don't make sense. Did an editor review the manuscript before it was published? The problem with these types of books is that the authors work extremely hard to meet unreasonable deadlines...and look at the results.,
61161,__label__1,"Even 1 star is 1 too many!: If zero stars were possible I would rate this book zero stars. Both books from the cram series covering the OCP program are full with typos, wrong and contradicting answers and totally wrong about certain concepts (a shocking example is e.g. the part on CKPT and DBWR background processes). If you are not so certain about your theoretical background, you better read the terse but mostly correct Oracle documentation that comes with your Oracle rdbms software.",
61162,__label__1,"Again, not enough to handle OCP for any but the expert...: And still, no Oracle8. A good strategy is to cast the net wide. The author does not do this, instead focusing on helping only those who arguably need no help. The intermediate reader or the career changer should look elsewhere for help with OCP exam preparation",
61163,__label__2,Love it!: This is a fragrance that my daughter and I have loved for quite a few years but has been increasingly had to find. Now I go to Amazon for all my hard and not-so-hard to find items.,
61164,__label__2,"What can you expect?: it made my document into a super fat book.It's quite uncomfortable to use, but unfortunately, amazon doesnt sell 5-6 inch binderswhy the 4 stars?well, what can you expect from this? It works exactly as its supposed to. I knocked off a star just to let people know that its a hassle to use",
61165,__label__1,Thackeray bio by equally great contemporary: Great idea but no quality control for printing this paperback. So far off-center rendered itunreadable.,
61166,__label__1,"Don't buy Mad Cat record label: Paid a few dollars more for this cd because i thought Mad Cat record label would be the original record label. It wasn't, you can actually hear the scratches in the record that they recorded it off of on the cd. Worst sound quality of any cd that i have ever heard. Actually tossed this cd in the garbage. Will never buy any Mad Cat recording ever again. Had to give it one star to submit review, but wanted to give it a negative 10.",
61167,__label__1,They should have proofread it.: I am writing specifically about volume 3. It would be an excellent book if they had just proofread it first before rushing it for publication. Filled with mistakes and worded very poorly I still recommend this sorry book because it is one of the few 3d max sources that actually attempts to teach animation.,
61168,__label__1,"Too Much Becky & Dave Fighting: I am a strong supporter for the earlier Real Wheel Videos (before Dave and Becky began to fight during each of their episodes); however, this one should be skipped for more sensitive children. Specifically, Dave and Becky fight a little more harshly than in their previous videos, and I am not too keen on having my children exposed to monster trucks named ""Big Dummy."" Granted, they'll probably be exposed to this language later on, I'd just rather it didn't happen on my watch.",
61169,__label__2,mega truck adventures: Grandsons love trucks etc. They will get many hours of enjoyment from this dvd also. It is also a Christmas present.,
61170,__label__2,"Revealing work.: Everytime Zorn puts something out, I hope to listen to either something experimental and strange or something that can become my all time favorite album.Voices in the Wilderness is a shure thing - you can't be wrong with so many good musicians playing some tunes of Masada's songbook. My favorite is Tizah: pacific melody and beautiful interpretation by Pachora.This may not be the best place to start, but it is as easy listening as Bar Kokhba or The Circle Maker. Let Zorn touch your spirit with his magic music!",
61171,__label__2,"Excellent Music Collection: In trying to expand our musical tastes, and leaning towards the Jazz genre, this CD fulfilled the need perfectly. Very interesting undertones of Middle Eastern music to the Jazz. Highly recommended.",
61172,__label__1,"Poorly edited and missing important information.: This book is just a rehash of existing Linux documentation and HOWTOs, but with more typos. It had a handful of new insights, but not enough to warrant buying this book. Instead, I highly recommend Matt Welsh's ""Running Linux (3rd Edition)"".",
61173,__label__2,"Lots of miscellaneous tips: I saw the book on the shelf and noticed it wasn't the same old ""here's Linux and here's what it does"" stuff. There's a wide range of material here, some rather elementary, some advanced, almost all suitable to everyone working with Linux. I learned quite a bit from the advanced stuff and a friend used the early chapters to help get going.",
61174,__label__2,"GREAT PRODUCT GREAT PRICE: I bought this facial bed for my spa, and it came 3 days sooner than it was supposed to, and was a piece of cake to put together! it's not a heavy duty bed for lots of moving around, but it works perfect for massages, facials, and anything that is on the more relaxing side!",
61175,__label__1,"Good food, but NOT ""Guy Food""!: I bought this book for my father, who in his 50's began to express an interest in cooking. He has never cooked more than a hamburger before, and is a guy of very simple food tastes. He loves to watch Rachel Ray on TV, so when I saw this ""Guy Food"" cookbook, I thought it would be perfect for him.I was utterly wrong. The recipes are elaborate and too ""fancy"" for my dad. Personally, I don't know many guys, outside of hardcore foodies or chefs, who would attempt to make, or even voluntarily eat, some of the dishes in this book. My father ended up just giving the book back to me. And I did cook some of the recipes in it for him. The food is good. But the title is a complete misnomer. I was very disappointed, and though I enjoy her food, I doubt I will purchase another Rachel Ray cookbook. I'm too afraid of what I'll end up getting.",
61176,__label__1,"Bad taste: Let's all send her a letter of thanks for trying to kill all the men in our lives with high cholesterol, saturated fat and hardened arteries, way to go Rache!....Two thumbs WAY down.",
61177,__label__1,"Not this Guy: Who did she interview to think this is what guy's like to eat? Every recepie in here is designed for women to make sure they can collect their husbands life insurance checks from heart attacks, and still be young enough to enjoy them. Healthy? I don't think so. If you really think her meals are healthy, look how much weight she has gained over the past couple years. Every meal she uses a lot of olive oil, butter, and salty additives. then writing a recepie for ""Hamburger Salad"" Basically garden greens from a bag, and a couple fried hamburger patties placed on top of the greens, with cheese on it. Oh my...Quick, easy and ""Healthy"" meals guys like to eat. Yummo? I don't think so.",
61178,__label__1,"the chicago accent ""cook"" doesn't know what guy's like: for those of you out there that are dumb enough to think rachael ray has a ""new york"" accent you are sadly mistaken. as a true new yorker rachael ray has more of a chicago accent then a ""new york"" one. you've got to be totally foolish to think she has a new york accent. the loud,obnioxious food network host has unleashed her verison of what she thinks guy's eat. however it's far from what guy's actually eat. infact no guy i ever talked to would have ever touched the recipes in this book.i mean come on now hots dogs on a hamburger???? she must want a heart attack! this book doesn't even have anything in it that a guy would eat no guy's i've ever hanged out with would eat what's inside this book. rachael tries her hardest to convince others she's a tomboy however it always fails cause she knows nothing about guys.skip this book.",
61179,__label__2,Pill Splitter: Product was received promptly and was well packaged. Product worked as advertised and is very useful.,
61180,__label__1,"blade bends: I used this pill cutter for about 3 months then the cut started to be uneven. It would not cut a pill evenly in half, or one half was in pieces and the other half of the pill intact. With the prices of pills these days you can't afford to waste 1/2 a pill.",
61181,__label__2,"Hey, it's a pill splitter: Let's face it...after splitting half a dozen pills, they all need new blades. It;s ok for the money. Never used one that worked any better",
61182,__label__1,"Politically correct ...: Don't bother tracking this one down... it's a politically correct fantasy about the AIDS epidemic, complete with equal opportunity victims and a melodramatic happy ending. The cure is being hidden from the people, typical politically correct hollywood style ... cliches. Sure, this is a sensitive topic, so sensitive, few would dare do other than to pat Spinrad on the back. The book is intentionally an unrealistic depiction of the disease, a melodramatic fantasy.The novella(?) is also pretty uneven, since it is basically a rough draft. Older Spinrad is better.",
61183,__label__2,Scotch Box Sealing Tape Dispenser H180: Lightweight and easy to seal package while holding only the handle instead of using a second hand to feed the tape out.,
61184,__label__2,"Easy To Use: At my job we use these all the time. This one has proven to be good quality - easy to use, cuts the tape well and dispensed it smoothly. Thanks for a great product.",
61185,__label__2,What you would expect: It's works well. No complaints. Does exactly what it is sold to do. Applies tape and cuts it off. Good job scotch.,
61186,__label__2,Great product: This tool becomes very easy to use once you get familiar with it. Only problem I have is the teeth to cut the tape seems a little dull.,
61187,__label__1,"Incorrectly described -- not for 3"" 72 mm tape: If you want a tape gun for 3"" 72 mm tape (extra wide), this is not it. Instead, get the 3M H183 model tape gun.",
61188,__label__2,"Great tool: This is priced a little higher than the ""cheapies"", but it works without fail. I don't understand other reviews knocking the fact that it does not have a guard on the cutter as it is recessed and works fine. Like a knife, if you push it against your body, it will cut you ""dahhh"".No frills, just a functional tool.",
61189,__label__2,Excellent reference for this game: Good graphics and concise writing are key to the quality of this book. The author's knowledge of flying and aerodynamics is obvious. He knows how to teach; his explanations are smart and clear. Excellent reference for anyone who wants to maximize their use of this game.,
61190,__label__1,"What is up with The Animals catalog?: 5 stars for content....no stars for audio quality. Does anybody remember all that extra reverb on the original records? Can someone from ""whoever owns the former MGM Animals catalog"" entourage please explain why the original MGM E series masters are not being released onto CD? I have (9) so-called ""re-masters"" from various labels and I have come to the conclusion that I will never be able to obtain clean monophonic CD releases of the pre-""Winds of Change"" MGM material. There are good ""sound quality"" tracks here and there, but you have to buy a lot of repeat material. Acquiring truly mint copies of the original vinyl is expensive (MGM didn't seem to set very high standards for pressing vinyl either).This material is exceptional and deserves far better treatment than basement ProTools hacks cranking this stuff out of their basement.",
61191,__label__1,"Disappointed!: This review concerns the sound quality. I read the reviews before deciding to buy this version of Animalisms 2009 through Amazon UK. Having bought Animalism 2006 [Original recording remastered][Original recording reissued]a few weeks ago I can say for certain the difference is huge, as both albums have a track called ""'outcast"", I used as my benchmark.I found my self being totally disappointed after the excellent remastering of Animalism. How any label can put out such a low quality mastering in this day and age is beyond me. Being Repertoire makes it more so!",
61192,__label__2,"This album changed my life: I have this album on Lp format, but this edition remastered is the best !!! If you like Beatles, Rolling Stones and Blues, buy this cd. On this version, the bonus tracks are wonderful.",
61193,__label__1,"What a pity !: Having worn out my vinyl copy of Animalisms, the Animals third album, the first beeing ""The Animals"" and the second ""Animals Tracks, I bought the cd on the Repertoire label and it easily qualifies as the worst remastering job I've heard so far.The original punchy sound with excellent bass and good highdefinition is degraded to a muddy sound that sound like beeing re-recorded in a bathman PLUS that someone put some strange extra ECHO on the tracks. A complete failure ! Repertoire should fire the engineer and give it another try- thank God I have the original on tape - in stereo !",
61194,__label__2,"Clear as mud: The Animals' US/UK discography gets confusing at times.Animalism(S) (plural) - The UK album is totally different to the US album Animalism. (not plural)The US equivalent to the UK Animalism(S) (plural) is the album Animalization. And some changes were made to the track selection for the US release LP Animalization.The tracks on the US Animalism were not released in the UK. This US album was the last to feature the 'first' Animals group. Drummer Barry Jenkins played on this US album, replacing John Steele. He stayed on to be the drummer for the 2nd ""Eric Burdon and the Animals"".All the tracks that appeared on the UK 'AnimalismS' and the US 'Animalization', are now available on the ""Don't Bring Me Down: The Decca Years"", CD.",
61195,__label__2,"Got this for the bonus tracks: I got this CD for the special bonus stereo version tracks, 22) Don't Bring Me Down,23)See See Rider,24) Help Me Girl,25) Cheating. I only had these on vinyl.So now I have them on CD.They sound much much better than the record versions I had.The other tracks are OK.",
61196,__label__2,"Great CD!: This album is great, is includes most of the Intocable's history songs. If you like nortenasm, then you'll like this CD!",
61197,__label__2,Designing and Programming CICS Applications: The book was what I was looking for and it was delivered ahead of the projected delivery date.,
61198,__label__2,"A Fine Tribute to Courage and Beauty: Womankind is an unexpected pleasure to read. It is rare to find a book that captures well-written prose and artistic photography.Clearly the authors had as much courage in completing this project as the women they profiled.One cannot help but be humbled by the women portrayed in this book. Quietly the pages in Womankind inspire all of us to do the impossible: to confront discrimination and prejudice, to heal our environment, to eliminate violence, to end poverty and injustice. While many of the women in Womankind are from the developing world, all of them happy and optimistic about the world and of life itself. Womankind, a real find.",
61199,__label__2,"A FRAMING GUIDE AND STEEL SQUARE: If you're in the construction business, you need to keep this reference 'bible' on hand for almost every formula you'll ever need! It's old, but excellent!",
61200,__label__1,"Outdated and Disappointed: This pocket sized book has too many irralavent things in it. Who cares about a census in 1970 (the last one entered). For someone who wants to learn how to use a framing square, this in not the referrence. Thare are very few illustrations. And remember, ""a picture is worth a thousands words!"" One would be better of buying a square at a building center. They usually come with a small ""How To"" guide.",
61201,__label__1,"Not the original BBC & no David Attenborough - unbelievable: The original ""The Himalayas"" is a BBC HD production lovingly narrated by Sir David Attenborough. Well, the visuals are the same (and simply stunning) but only in America would the narration be changed to someone else (an unnamed voice actor). His narration is flat and uninteresting and his timing does not match the visuals. The script and music are the same as the original BBC programme.I'm British living in America and I have found this weird anomaly of voice swap quite a bit with documentaries - overdubbing Oprah Winfrey for Sir David Attenborough in another BBC HD programme and so on. Why, I will never know. I simply find it annoying. And with the ludicrous Blu-ray Region locking (and incompatible 1080i/50hz), I can't just buy the BBC originals from England and play them in America.Oh well... more money wasted.Don't buy if you are expecting Sir David, otherwise it's worth a look for the outstanding BBC cinemato",raphy.
61202,__label__1,"Terrible. Buy ""Wild China"" instead!: This is an extremely disappointing product. Most of the footages were actually taken from the ""Wild China"" series by BBC, and the other ones do not look like HD images at all.Narration is poor, the script is also bad. In short: do not buy this.",
61203,__label__2,"Very illuminating: After watching and listening to this DVD, my only wish is that I had gotten in it Blu-ray, though the DVD quality is very good. The narration is calm and pleasant, describing a world where due the cold climate and thin air, species tend to be more interdependent with family members, and at times, other species.My favorite is the sly looking Tibetan fox, though all animals seen here are amazing in their adaptability.",
61204,__label__2,SE500 DYMO: We purchased and recieved this product in a timely manner. I have had no complaints so I assume it is working properly!,
61205,__label__1,"TV Basketball: It looks easy but, I had a hard time getting the functions to work consistently as described in the instructions. It was difficult for me as an adult so it was more frustrating for my nephew who is seven. I could count the number of times we used the game on my one hand. Its just not as simple as it looks and straightforward like the other tv games we have purchased.",
61206,__label__1,Doesn't work: Way too complicated. My son tried & tried and just couldn't get it to work. I should have bought a new xbox game instead. Waste of money. I would have returned it but I didn't feel like paying for the shipping which cost more than the game itself.,
61207,__label__1,Unbiased?: The book has alot of good information but they continually compare every religion or doctrine to their own obviously fundalmentalist Christian views. It gets a little old time after time reading how this organization is wrong because they're not the right kind of Christian.,
61208,__label__2,"Excellent Product and Seller as Usual: As always, I was very pleased with my Amazon.com experience. The item came extremely fast and as described. The items was also very affordable--the cheapest that I could find. I am very thankful for these items for sale on Amazon because they are much cheaper than buying from my university bookstore or any other website.",
61209,__label__2,"If you are a newbie, this book will help you!: I just read the book and it's a excellent material for those who never builded a home network.It guides you from the begining to end in a complete fun, ""familiar language"". The CD inside is a great help if you want to learn ""how to"" things, using MS Windows 95-98It is usefull also for building a little company network using hubs.Want to learn the basis? Read this book! :)",
61210,__label__1,"Wifey, Thats...Cheesy: I don't like this new song ""Wifey"" at all, it is well sung though, so I did add an extra point for that. At 1st it kinda sounds like their awsome song ""Too Close"" but these lyrics are just way weird.",
61211,__label__1,"Too many undisclosed biblical references: This book (By a Christian Counselor) is careless and outdated - it assumes you are Christian, throws out bible passages as examples that don't really parallel the situation at hand, and is redundant, at best. The religious doctrine style is distracting and short-changes the real issues.If I wanted to read a Bible, I would of used my own.Amazon should do a better job of screening their books so people know what they're buying. I would be VERY offended if I were any other religion besides Christian.",
61212,__label__2,Great Book!: My wife would constantly go to her parent's house to borrow their Maida Heatter books. I decided it was time for us to have some of our own. I was quite pleased to find there were books that had aggregated her recipes by type. This way we do not have to try to remember which pie is in which book. It's also nice having a large format hard cover rather than paperbacks that are harder to keep open to the page you are using.,
61213,__label__2,"Good overall guide.: This wildlife guide provides photo identification, habitat description, and a good overall feeling for Peru's wildlife. My only ""complaint"" would be the weight of the volume for travelers. I ordered a used copy so that I could cut out the photo id's to lighten my load. : )",
61214,__label__2,"Common insects, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals: Part the Interlink Books ""Travellers' Wildlife Guides"" series, Peru provides identification and location information on Peru's most frequently seen animals. This 502 page identification guide offers full-color illustrations of more than 500 of Peru's most common insects, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals. Enhanced with a species index, Peru provides up-to-date information on the ecology, behavior and conservation of the animals listed, as well as information on Peru's habitats and the most common plants visitors will encounter. With brief descriptions of Peru's most frequently visited parks and wildlife reserves, this handy, highly portable manual will prove to be an invaluable companion for appreciating the diversity and wonderful of Peruvian wildlife in their native settings.",
61215,__label__2,Peru (The Traveller's Wildlife Guide): Used this on our trip to Peru and it was the envy of our very knowledgeable tour guide. We ended up buying him a copy as a gift.,
61216,__label__2,"Interesting pet peeves: Lord of Chaos was an excellent continuation to the WOT series--exciting and entertaining--but if I have to read someone described as ""plump"" one more time, I might throw the book out of the window. It made me laugh to read other reviews in which people pointed out the things that I had noticed: his fixation with the word 'breasts', how horribly rude Nynaeve is without any reedeming qualities to her, and the strange relationship between men and women in Jordan's books. I'll keep on reading, of course. It's a nice way to pass the time.",
61217,__label__2,"R.J is a genius!!: Well, I have read some of your other reviews and as far as I am concerned, they need to come to terms with the fact they are not quite right in the head. This book was a masterpiece and a rare one at that. R.J has a multitude of small plots that have thier ends netly tied up in this book, more so than in any other. I have not yet read the 7th book, but I bought it. And even if that book is the worst book ever written I will continue to read the series until it is complete. I also suggest for those fantasy lovers to read Tamora Pierce, Piers Anthony and Garth Nix. They are just as good as the Wheel of Time if a little less complicated and a little more humorous.",
61218,__label__2,"An Believer in the Wheel of Time!: Robert Jordan is brilliant. A mastermind in the way he mended the reality with fantasy. His characters were actually human instead of scriptboards that follow one trait. The paradox and the magic were excellent in their legacies from an Age long ago, and his unique and clever styles have proven great in the known world of writting. A second Homer in the making. I really enjoyed the vision it brought of an actual real world instead of a paint and color collodge, and his imagination should be considered a crown of his age. In the future, may he write on forever. A future writer. Age 16",
61219,__label__2,"still very good, but not best: Hm, this book is good, no doubt. But reviewing the book, I have to say that the first chapters are really boring. Rands life as a king is hard and busy, I understand after these pages. That was clear, though.However, the end was really good. It gives one the first feelings what a battle with the one power is really like. I am looking forward to such confrontations. (I haven't read the other books yet)",
61220,__label__2,"lord of chaos: Robert Jordans works on the Wheel Of Time are very imaginative and totally engaging. His character development and plot twists, coupled with a great talent for story telling, make for hours of really enjoyable reading.",
61221,__label__1,"Crappy scan: I love this series. This book is not the best in the series - it's part of Jordan's mid-series slump.That doesn't entirely explain my low rating.This book is obviously an OCRed scan. Thom Merrilin regularly shows up as Thorn. Stern becomes stem. The first page begins with a stray > character. These aren't the only slip-ups. This doesn't make it unreadable, but they obviously didn't proof-read it after they scanned it, and did only minimal QA on the ebook conversion. For $10, I expect something with more production value than a random self-published novel. Tor cut a lot of corners on this.",
61222,__label__1,"Give it up, Mr. Jordan...: I was totally hooked when I first started these books. Thecharacters were vivid, the plot was engaging, things movedalong at a good pace. But the more books in this seriesJordan writes, the worse they get. The ""vivid"" charactersnow seem stale and worn-out, since they haven't changed abit (despite all the incredible things that have happenedto them)---they're still saying and doing the same stupidthings they've been doing for six books. And the plot is nowdragging and becoming ridiculously twisted and complex. Istopped reading this one in the middle because I just couldn'tstand it anymore. (This is actually the same problem DavidEddings had with ""The Belgariad"" and the series after it---you can only beat a dead horse so long.)",
61223,__label__1,"6th in a series?! I hope the books get more interesting!: I started reading ""the Wheel of Time"" books a long time ago; I think about 8 years ago. I stopped reading after the seventh, and recently started up again as I saw the release of the 9th book. I've read through all of them again, and now I see why I stopped.This book is almost, considering the last book and the constant references to the ancient prophecies of the Dragon, almost completely pointless. It has no purpose, nothing happens, nothing is really resolved. I can see Jordan sweating, trying to squeeze out another book in this already bloated series for the money.The last conflict in the story is pretty cool, but it takes about 400 pages of prolix, incredibly irritating ""Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus"" lolly-gagging to get there.If you want a better series, read Martin's Song of Ice and Fire. Characters actually die! Things ACTUALLY HAPPEN! Best yet, he's promised us that the series is only going to be 6",books l
61224,__label__1,"Long Drawn Out: Like walking through a desert with a few water holes is how I would describe this book. After fifty or a hundred pages at a time something happens but then we are back to monotony. The climax is quite good but I could not say that it worked out economical to have to read hundreds of pages just to get a few brief parts of interest and a exciting ending. To buy the entire series would be ridcules. For fantasy fans, leave well alone unless your rich and have time on your hands (or your a insomniac).",
61225,__label__1,"My journey is over.: I can make it no further. My journey is over. I loved the first and was enthralled with the second parts of my trip. I began to grow weary and slow down in the third and forth. The fifth was a crawl. The sixth, I had hoped, would revive me but alas, my pace was even slower on this even longer section and I feel I have made no progress at all. My journey to Tarmon Gai'don is over, having never reached the end. Ah, you say, it is not the end, but the journey that matters. I longer care for the journey: the scenery is poor, the way is unclear, my companions are dull, and my feet are tired. The seventh section will have to be undertaken by those stronger and more resilient than I. Good luck.",
61226,__label__1,"Review, or Ad?: A piece of advice to surfers reading these reviews: a rave is one thing, but one that seems so worshipful of the text in question as to be nearly orgasmic should be highly suspect of being less a neutral review and more an advertisement submitted by paid employees of the publisher.",
61227,__label__1,"From extacy to utter irritation: I will keep this review brief, because I am not proud of the single star I have to give and neither of the message I have to give you.Books 1, 2 and 3 took me into another world. An amazing world. I thought this book series was on a par with the Lord of the Rings and would potentially surpass it. Then books 4 and 5 came out, which were awesome too. Alas, then there was book 6. This book was a warning sign of a very bad thing to come: a completely wasted epic story.Why wasted? Because it is overly elaborated in an additional 8 books full with more useless details than anything in this world. And it still hasn't come to an end! Now the author has died and other people continue the crap instead of finishing it.If I lay dying one day, my biggest regret will be having read through books 6 to 12 hoping for the tide to change until finally I threw them all away.",
61228,__label__1,"Unoriginal mindless reading.: This series maked me depressed.. My brother was enthralled with this series, and he convinced me to read them. When I was finished, the only consoling thought was that at I didn't pay for them. While the books are well writen, the plot leaves much to be desired, and gets worse as the books progress.How a author can write seven books based on such a unoriginal plot and cast of charactors is beyond me. Somehow it is not surprising that Mr Jordon also wrote a number of conan novels.You might as well be watching TV.",
61229,__label__2,"jordan rocks: I read it and liked it. But the descriptions I skimmed through. If I had read it in one week and taken all the details seriously I wouldn't even give it one star. So read but when you feel like it. Half an hour or so each time and stick to the important stuff, then it's really good!!",
61230,__label__1,"""Is he doing this just for money?"" ""Probably"": I met a friend of mine a week ago. He had two moreWoT books for me to read. The reason I gave 3 issimple: Nothing ever happens.First there is nothing but endless scheming andplanning, and, quite frankly, I think mostof the characters are idiots. Why can't peopleever get together (Rand should be able to do that,200 Asha'man at your doorstep can be very convincing), and talk. Pedron Niall, for example,should have a long look and stop fooling around.And then there's the obligatory action part,inthe final chapter. I really, really hate that.And Rand has an annoying problem with dead Maidens, which is IMHO ridiculous. If youhave battle, you have casualties.",
61231,__label__1,"When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Keep Buying: My cousin got me going on these, and I keep trying to convince him he's nuts. After six telephone books of nothingness, this series is like an EverReady bunny...it keeps going and going and going. Further and further into nothingness. Bring on the bad guys already and let's duke it out. I hate quitters, so I know I'll plow through the sequel--I forget just why",
61232,__label__1,"Skip the first 900 pages: The book has a good prologue, and the last 100 pages have a reasonable amount of action. The intervening 900 pages unfortunately are incredibly drawn out and boring.What makes it boring? Mostly endless posturing, maneuvering, and intrigue on the part of the characters, epitomized by the Aes Sedai ""sniff"" (every other page an Aes Sedai is sniffing--it gets old after a while). The intrigue is supposed to be complex, but the characters come across as sophisticated as a bunch of third-graders: petulant and whiny.I think that Robert Jordan has run out of steam and is simply milking the series for all the money that he can wring out of it.",
61233,__label__1,"Misogynistic to a fault!: The author must hate women. All of his female characters are ambitious, arrogant, self absorbed, petulant, demanding, ungrateful, manipulative, and chauvinistic toward men.I would have long ago taken any one of his female characters across my knee and given a good spaking if I were any of the male characters because they act just like immature children. I certainly would not cow to them the way the men do, or stand for being bullied, criticized and belittled. I wouldn't fight back, I'd simply treat them as the obstacles they so often are and ignore them as if they weren't there and do whatever the hell I want to do anyway.These women do not add to or enhance or even support anyone in what must be accomplished. More often than not they are a hinderance, confusing and complicating issues that would have been long resolved had it not been for their meddling.As a woman, I am deeply offended by the portrayal of women in these books!",
61234,__label__2,"good: I really enjoyed this book. The story just keeps building up and the excitement keeps coming. The characters, especially Rand, are just fun to read about and witness their struggles.",
61235,__label__2,"Books keep getting BETTER and BETTER: Jordan has captivated me with this series. While a lot of fantasy books seem to be in slow mode, this one keeps building, and just when you think he can't add anymore twists into it, he comes out with an even better book then the last!! He will definently be among great authors like J.R.R. Tolkien. And unlike Tolkien he writes women very well. This serires just keeps getting better and better!!!",
61236,__label__2,Another good book by Jordan: I don't know what you people are saying when you write that this book sucks. It ain't great beyond belief but it does not suck. It is annoying how Jordan dropped Perrin (my favorite character) in the fires of heaven but it gets worse with the fact that Jordan picks him up agian then loses the ball. Arrrghh. Besides that Jordan really works on the ladies and Rands insanity. A good book overall.,
61237,__label__1,"Series Getting Worse and Worse: The first two or three books of this series are terrific: detailed, well-written, intriguing, etc. However, since then, I find myself reading trashy, money-driven novels at the end of which, one of the many ""bad guys"" is killed. I bought the first six ... now I think I'll just sit down and skim them over a few hours. The series looks to go for another five or six books.... In other words, Jordan will be raking in the dough for at least ten more years. This particular book was lousy - the plot does not advance very far, the writing is poor, and the character development is virtually non-existent.",
61238,__label__1,"How the mighty have fallen. . .: The series started off strong, and became even stronger. It soared to amazing heights in books 3 and 4, but quickly took the plunge afterwards. By the time book 6 comes along, the characters have nearly become unbearable, and the plot has dissolved into people winking around from place to place with none of the excitement of the journeys found in previous books. It seems to me that the plot has become so complex that Jordan is drowning in it, and no longer sees the overall flow of the story. I read book 7, and it was slightly better, but I'm still debating whether or not to continue the series.",
61239,__label__1,"Successfully put down a series: I have at long last, managed to successfully quit reading a series. This is from somone who finished reading a Kevin J. Anderson series simply because I managed to make it through the first one (Sorry, Kevin, but you suck). The first 3 or so books were good reads, and I had made it through the fifth (I think) in about two weeks when I discovered something. This author is continuing to write books for money, and will drag this series along until he has wrung every last nickel out of it. There quite easily could be ten books to this series and frankly, I just can't make it. Reminds me of when Frank Herbert kept writing Dune novels simply because they kept throwing money at him. Terry Goodkind did a much better job with this type of story.",
61240,__label__1,"I only recommend this book to those I hate: After 1000+ pages, can any reviewer honestly state this book is not a literary train-wreck. I tell you with a straight face that this book crippled my interest in fantasy, and for over a year after I threw it down in frustration (page 612), I was unable to pick up a fictional work - I was that frustrated. And now I return, years later, to provide the public service of berating this slog so that others might avoid the same agony.",
61241,__label__1,"Imagine a 1000 page book on making your morning breakfast...: First your alarm goes off and you want to shut it off. But it is out of reach so you decide to get out of bed first. Unfortunately, the light is not on. Turning the light switch does not provide light...perhaps the bulb burned out or the plug is not in. You check the plug...it is in. You try another light...it does not work...ah! perhaps you blew a fuse...etc. etc. Three hundred pages later you make it out of your bedroom. Still need to get to the kitchen, and who knows what will happen in between? But... is all that really interesting... and if you get to work on time... is it really important?Books 2 and 3 were great. The rest of this series is putting me to sleep... it doesn't work... I am loosing interest... and I am not sure where Jordan is going with this. More importantly, I no longer care!",
61242,__label__1,"Tragic: That a series begun with such promise could devolve into this is sad. Read the first three, or four if you have the stomach for it, and then move on to Martin, Le Guin, Erikson, Tolkien, or even Brooks.",
61243,__label__1,"Poor book, but you need to read it to get through the series: I really didn't like this one, that title character does seam very pointless and I hope he doesn't come back in later books. I only really want you to read this because it will get you to the later book which seems to be to be back on track. Just grit your teeth and read. To me Robert Jordan is the master of the Fantasy (living master) but I think he lost the plot a little on this one, maybe fame went to his head",
61244,__label__1,"I tried..I really did.: Ok, to stop the naysayers in their tracks- I loved the first 4.5 books...but man...get on with the story! I have read these straight though (in 3 weeks) mabye that is my problem, but I dont think so. I love huge stories....James Clavell, Gary Jennings...couldn't get enough. However, these get very tedious, and I gave up. I hate to say it, because I pride myself on perserverance in these long books, but damn I cringed every time he repeated a phrase...not to mention, he used the same sentance over and over.If Nynavene ""tugs her braid"" again or of Elayne ""sniff's loudly""...I will be too young.If you like the idea, but want action...get Goodkinds ""Sword Of Truth"" series....much more readable..and not so plodding.",
61245,__label__1,"his worst: Am I the only one who thinks Jordan hates women? Why are all his female characters so manipulative, competative, and controlling? His books tend to start by re-intoducing the characters (since you may not have seen them in 1000 pages), setting up things tediously for 500 pages, then concluding in an exciting finale that somehow makes you ready to trudge through the next one. For a lovely reduction of the plot (which is pretty cool) and better writing, see the myriad of Wheel of Time fan-webpages.",
61246,__label__1,"Give this a try: Two things keep popping up in every negative review of any of the books in this series. One, everyone seems to think the books are too long, and for seemingly no purpose. Of course, Tolstoy makes Jordan look like a captionist for the New York Times, so remember, it could be worse. Two, everyone hates Jordan's women, especially Nynaeve. I can sympathize. So why not skip the female-bonding chapters? I have for the last three or so books and have discovered it's a much better read, and on top of that, I've discovered that it seems that what the women do (which really only amounts to whining about or bullying the men, anyway) is ultimately unessential to the plot. You will feel guilty the first few times you do this, but believe me, you'll be better off for it. And all those wonderful reviews! Sheesh! I can't imagine what they'd consider to be rubbish.",
61247,__label__1,"Save your money: This review is for the casual fantasy novel reader, not teenage/young adult fanatics of the series.Okay, for all of you that have made it through the first five books and are wondering whether or not to continue, don't. The first four books are pretty solid work, well-developed and fun to read, if not a little long (where is his editor I wonder). But beginning in book 5 everything starts to slow way down. Book 6 is 900 pages and nothing happens. Even worse, the two stated goals at the beginning are not met by the end and it takes the author 100 pages in book seven to wrap things up. Finally, the characters are becoming less and less likeable in each novel, which makes you wonder what's the point?My advice is to read something by David Eddings or Terry Brooks, the true leaders in this field.",
61248,__label__2,This book is the best yet!: Jordan has now said that the series is going to go past 10 books and I am overjoyed! Read this book! It is a really great book.,
61249,__label__2,"Great, surprising: This book was frustrating in that no problems that the characters faced in the beginning were solved. But many surprises delighted and amazed me as the reader and I know that Robert Jordan is just biding his time with the major plot, and that it will develop. I don't know how anyone who started this series wouldn't be able to finish it. Also i would like to add that my rating of this book is relative and that compared to any other fantasy book I've ever read it was 10x better. The whole series just blows all competition out of the water.",
61250,__label__2,"Robert Jordan-Genius Writer and Smart Marketing Cookie too.: I love this series. I agree with all the positive commentsand the negative ones relating to the length of the series.I thought that A Crown of Swords was the end but it isn't.I'm really ready for Rand and all the rest to resolve the many subplots and stop the insanity! They deserve a rest. Talk about stressed lives, both the characters and the readers.It's a marvelous series but I hope Robert Jordan wraps it up in the next book.",
61251,__label__2,Great action: Plot begins to come together. Action and suspense with emotional drama. Faster pace by all players. drew me to next edition.,
61252,__label__1,"Too many directions: The book is unreadable for someone unfamiliar with the series. Even in an intricate series each books need to have the ability to stand alone, this one does not. It's like reading a never ending soap opera, of the daytime variety.",
61253,__label__1,"Good writing, but the series goes on and on and on and..: I love this series when I started it, but there is no end to it. Characters who died are resurrected two books later, subplots you are deeply involved in achieve no resolution in the currant book, are hardly mentioned in the next and not resolved until the third in line- by which time you hope the good guys die horrible deaths :) Jordan is one heck of a writer- but he abusing his readers.",
61254,__label__1,"A real page turner. I hope I live to read the final book .: This book answers a few questions and begins to set the major players in place for the final battle. There is: a new Amerline seat, the three Women will share the Dragon Reborn are named. Elanine, Matt, Nynaeve search for a magic item in a city where looks can get you killed",
61255,__label__2,"One of the best of the series!: So books 1 3 6 & 9 are the best in my opinion, but the best of the best have to be 6 and 9. This book has non stop action as opposed to book 5, where there is barely any action and mostly women bickering about clothing. There are major plot twists in this book that take you by supprise, and if you have read books 1-5 previous to reading this book, they will most likely make you jump for joy. At times it can be long winded and a bit boring, but they are few, short, and far between. So ignore what you hear from everyone about Robert Jordan being evil for writing his seiries so long... that's what makes it so great. I suggest you start from the first book if you are new to the series and no matter what do not give up on the 5th book. Don't worry about how long the books are... i got so involved in the first 3 books that i read all three in about 3 weeks. Size doesn't matter.... or atleast in books. ;)",
61256,__label__2,"The best yet.: This is the best of the series yet, accept for book 2. It'sabout time, the gruby white cloak finally gets what he deserves. ifany one gives it less than 3 stars then they have no idea what a goodfantasy book is. Jordan has built 2 of the best characters since the beggining of the series. Way to go Jordan keep them coming.",
61257,__label__1,"wouldn't trade with again: The book is not at all as described (good condition). The binding is torn, pages damaged, and no dust cover.",
61258,__label__1,"Question for the Author...: Why in the name of the Creator did Rand allow Alanna to LIVE after bonding him by ambush, against his will like that? I mean, I would have at the very least tied off the flow that cut her off from the True Source permanently!",
61259,__label__2,Impressed by this book and the series overall: I thought the books would have to get less interesting as the series progressed but I have to say I've enjoyed every single book in the series to date. Definitely recommend.,
61260,__label__2,"Wheel of time series, by Robert Jordan: Excellent book series, don't get involved if you dont want to read a long story. like 14 books long. if you enjoy reading fantasy novels this is one of the best. it is a legendary story equal to the writings of Tolkien, better than any other modern fantasy novelist currently in writting.",
61261,__label__1,"Boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: The book has some good stuff, but the majority is rand going back and forth. I'm pretty far, but it will take a lot of will-power to get myself to finish the book.",
61262,__label__2,"Robert Jordan-King of Fantasy!: I am thoroughly impressed by the Wheel of Time series that Robert Jordan has written. His characters are round and full, his plot is thick and covers thousands of years of events. He conclusively proves his story with events in history. He makes it clear that what is happening to Rand, Mat, and Perrin has happened hundreds of time over and will always continue to happen is their reality. I wish this series would cover twenty books because I can't get enough. I wanted to scream when I finished the fourth book and didn't have the fifth book to read. And curse Amazon for not making it easier to ship books to APOs from their online order form. Robert Jordan is truly a master!",
61263,__label__1,An Ok Book With One of the Best Endings: This book is ok. It's long and drawn out and doesn't get very far into the story but the ending makes up for a good deal of it. There are also more main characters for you to keep up with so remeber names. Yes it is neccasary to read for Wheel of Time fans.,
61264,__label__1,"Stop reading series after book 3: This series stopped being good after book 3. Jordan is really stretching this series out. The action is severely slowing. There charcters are becoming cookie cutter an uninteresting. Jordan is wasting about half of the book on regurgitating things you have read before and the other 50% is wasted in overly detailed descriptions of what characters look like, clothing items, and how they they see another character.Jordan dropped the ball on this series and it should have ended in 3 books.",
61265,__label__2,"Another great book: People complain that this series and in particular the last couple of books have been stretched out and nothing happens but they're still great reading. The storyline doesn't develop a great deal in this particular book but that doesn't matter because it is so absolutely addictive and if it did, the end of a great series would draw nearer. While we want to know what happens, we don't want the series to end.",
61266,__label__2,Great entertaining series: Great series if you like the genre. The new writer for books 13 and beyond is very good. RIP Mr. Jordan.,
61267,__label__2,"A Great Read: I have been a huge Robert Jordan fan since the beginning of the Wheel of Time books. I can't say enough about how much I have enjoyed reading and now re-reading this series. I'm very saddened that we lost Mr. Jordan. His genius will be sorely missed. Keep reading the series, my friends, it's worth it!!!Book 6 is the first ebook version of the series I have read. I'm not real happy with the Kindle version of this book however. There are a HUGE number of typos and punctuation errors in it. I compared ebook six to the hardback book and the typos are not in the hardback version. Very poor proofreading there. Oh well, everyone makes mistakes. Hopefully, this will not be the trend.",
61268,__label__2,"good book. need patience.: I am in the process of re-reading this series as we get closer to closure with the final book coming somewhat soon. This is definitely a series of books that keep you coming back for more even though I sometimes ask myself why. Please know that there are parts that I've felt like I've read twenty times and these issues have been discussed in several reviews. I also find myself enjoying and hating certain characters based on their behavior. I love Matt but wouldn't mind if Nyveane and Faile took a long walk in the Waste. In the end, its a great story written in great detail. Its worth a few slow parts for the action that always ends up coming.",
61269,__label__2,"Vintage Jordan: Lord of Chaos might very well be the summit of Jordan's wonderful WoT series. The next couple of books after this sort of trail off, don't hold the reader as well as the books up to this do. That being said, you can't help but read his books. Not for nothing is Jordan the reigning king (along w/Martin) of fantasy epics.I'm aware that there are many who critisize the series for its sometimes heavy-handed messages and dozen or so cast of major characters (my fav is Mat). My response to these nay-sayers; try to find someone who has written as much as well as he has, in the time that he has done it. It will be a very short list.Jordan's great, the series (while very long) is great, and Lord of Chaos is also great. (wait 'till the end, it is spectacular)",
61270,__label__1,"Why read a book that does not move the plot along?: I have been very pleased with this series up until this point. The plot has moved well, and all of the characters have been interesting.After the sixth book I expected to see a little closure on some of the issues facing Rand and other characters in this series, but instead I find that the plot of the story has only moved an inch, out of the mile that it still has to go and the mile that it has already gone. How can you, an author, expect to retain readers when you do not continue a story's plot? The only thing this book did was relocate the characters. The personalities stayed the same, and all of the problems that were there at the beginning of the book are still there at the end.Needless to say, I will never buy another book in this series again, since this one was frustrating and a waste of time...",
61271,__label__2,"and we just kept walking... and walking... and walking....: I liked this book alot. Thats the long and the short of it. It had its slow moments, it isnt a page flipper like eye of the world was, but i greatly enjoyed it. The ending rocked... Anyway, some people think this series is getting too drawn out. I dont think so at all. Its great writing!",
61272,__label__2,lord of chaos: one word I would use to describe this book:awesome. The plot subtleties will keep you on your toes and the grand and gritty battle scenes will have you gasping for air. The 6th book in The Wheel of Time series will not disapoint. The schemings of the dread Forsaken will make you think and the triumphs of Rand and company will excite you. Hardcore Wheel of Timers will love this epic. Worth every cent.,
61273,__label__2,Very comprehensive!: This book rocks! It takes a complicates subject and makes it easy. The author must be some kind of genius!,
61274,__label__2,"Mounting Bracket Already Included!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: I too fell victim to the ""suggested"" mounting bracket. I didn't read any of the reviews since I knew I wanted Hopkins products for my tow vehicle. This kit already includes the bracket with it. I too won't be returning the >$5 bracket since shipping alone will be about that much, but that is not Hoppy's fault. This is a slam dunk for trailer hookup. No more need to carry the 7 pole to 4 flat adapter (greasy item rolling around in glove box). The holes in the included mounting bracket matched up perfectly to the pre-drilled holes in the Reese hitch I purchased at the same time. This along with the Hopkins/Hoppy t-connector trailer wiring kit just reached to allow me to make all of my connections without any extra splicing. Pack the 4-flat connectors with contact grease and zip-tie the two connectors together. Wiring doesn't get any easier.",
61275,__label__2,Straight forward install: Installed in a matter of a couple of minutes. Fitment is perfect and really like the option of haing both flat 4 and 7pin in one unit. I'm happy with it.,
61276,__label__2,"Great value for the price: Easy to follow instructions, quick installation. Arrived very quickly and was as described. Would definitely buy from this company again.",
61277,__label__1,Missing the white/ground wire to the 4 flat connectors: I bought one that turned out to be Missing the white/ground wire to the 4 flat connectors.[...]Be sure to check your connector before purchasing. I called 2 different store and the connectors they had in stock were the same as mine. Not as they shopuld be or as shown on Hopkins' websiteI rated one star. I would rate it 5 stars if it was properly made.,
61278,__label__2,"As good as advertised!: I bought these shoes for my daughter as they seemed like something she would like, and like she did! She wears them every day. The shoes are really of good quality and, at only around $19, are a great buy. I would highly recommend them.",
61279,__label__2,"A bit overwhelming, but fascinating: First of all, if you're just learning about Forest Gardening, Martin Crawford'sCreating a Forest Gardenis a better choice. On the other hand, if you want to drink from a firehose (with a landscape design perspective), this massive two volume set will fill you up.As with all types of permaculture, you need to understand your own environment before applying techniques from books willy-nilly. I found it very helpful to start out withWeekend Homesteader: Aprilto learn about my site so that I'd be going with the flow rather than fighting against the natural features of my land.All of those recommendations aside, Edible Forest Gardens is a fascinating combination of ecology and gardening. It's inspiring and thorough.",
61280,__label__2,"Too Technical for the Novice: Wow, these books are really beautiful! But I am a novice and they're over my head. Too technical for ME. That's not to say they're not wonderful books. I can tell they are very deep and thorough. Just too advanced for me. So newbie gardeners, be aware of what you're getting.",
61281,__label__1,"boring and not very practical: I bought the two books, despite the price because everyone talked about them. After a year or so I'm still not through. The writing is incredibly theoretic and boring. There are endless sections on how ecosystems work, but written in a textbook style manner you actually fall asleep.It is not a handbook either were you could look things up, real hands on information is very little.There are some useful tables in the end but most are only useful for those in the US.I really regret having spent that much money on this book. I should have bought Mollisons design manual instead, at least there's some information to be found.",
61282,__label__2,"good book: I am happy I have this now as a reference set. Maybe sometime I will get around to reading in it. As someone with an agrarian background, I was someone dissapointed to see so much redundancy in this book; i.e. repeated elementary information. Nonetheless, I don't claim to know it all and there are a lot of good nuggets to mine in this publication.",
61283,__label__2,"This should be the first book you should read !: I was looking at several aromatherapy books before actually buying one. I must have looked at dozens of books..Being a beginner, this was by far the most entertaining and educational book out there on aromatherapy! Many books are very informative, but not a particularly interesting read. In this case, the humour and easy going manner of the book makes you want to read on and on. The chapters are well organized, and there is even a symptom & oil directory. If you are just beginning, this is the book to start your aromatherapy collection!!!!",
61284,__label__2,"Hats Off To Kathi: First I wish to thank Kathi for approaching the subject using language that is practical, down to earth and hands on. I've re-read this book numerous times and always find another piece of information that has helped me to build upon a new blend and has prepared me for a more scientific study of essential oils. I would dearly love to hear her speak in person.",
61285,__label__1,Disappointed: I had no expectations about this book and after reading it felt the author was misogynistic and self-indulgent.Would not recommend.,
61286,__label__2,"WOW: This novel is easily worthy of more than 5 stars. It is the most unique and intellectually stimulating book I have encountered in all my history of reading. The way Kundera weaves so many seperate stories, anecdotes and historical facts along with some pretty heavy philosophical theory into the novel to make his views come alive is amazing. The section Litost (about the poets) was mesmerizing. This book has changed my view on life, love, laughter and history.",
61287,__label__1,"Not laughing as I try to forget this one: I was assigned this book by my monthly book club. I had great difficulty getting into the first chapter but forced myself to keep going. Many books start slow , then get better. By the end of the chapter I was doubtful but liked it a little better. I decided to read on. The second chapter had nothing to do with the first. It was like an entirely different story. It was equally difficult to read. The book took a turn at this point and started to become very dirty indeed. I threw the book away wih no regrets.",
61288,__label__2,"intelectual and sexual arousal: I see Kundera as a chintesence of the senses, here and ther weighing more or less on a particular one. His work is expanding like concentric circles over literature, criticism, politics, everyday life and then is closing on you, the reader provoking intelectual and physical excitments.",
61289,__label__1,"Worst Book: Not only was the writing covoluted and the subject matter offensive (the sex scenes) the tone of the story was negative and depressing,The Book club members refused to read the Entire Book. I did, however, since I was charged with conducting the discussion.Only plus was the reality of the the ""personless: philosophy of this type of government. By"" personless"" I mean that individuals have no rights,either civil or personal.When the weather warms we are planning a Bar B Que usings the books as fuel.",
61290,__label__1,"Strange: This was my first book by Kundera. I didn't understand it very much to tell you the truth, although I learnt that Milan has a pathologic fixation about the Soviet Invasion to the Czech Republic (to which he refers in every story of the book).",
61291,__label__2,"A Great Book: This book is great in the way that Laurence Sterne's _A Sentimental Journey_ is great: it is slender, full of delicacy and yet extremely erotic, immediate, and just about perfect. Indeed, I think it's stronger than the more famous _The Unbearable Lightness of Being_.",
61292,__label__2,"Powerful vignettes: Another classic by Milan Kundera. Though this complete text did not resonate with me as The Unbearable Lightness of Being did, it contains a chapter/short story title ""The Hitchhiking Game"" that is the reason i picked up this book. When words on a page can bring you powerful reactions and emotions, there is something to be respected. See what this story does for you..",
61293,__label__2,"One of Kundera's best: One of the things that is interesting about Kundera's works is how he often ties different stories and different narrators in together, and combines stories that flow in and out in different directions (like Unbearable Lightness, perhaps his most famous, which combines two couples). This book has many stories which flow together with varied narration, and in a few of them, the narrator rises out of the page to tell his own stories. Kundera is undoubtedly a post-modernist, but there is something fascinatingly easy to read about all of his stories. It's clear from reading this how he loves and obsesses about his characters. This book is a fantastic read that really makes you think a lot about the relations between men and women, and also about life in a (former) Soviet controlled country. I think in America we feel very removed from what went on in Eastern Europe, but much of Kundera's writing based on the horrors he experienced bring you in touch with",hat wor
61294,__label__2,"Enjoyable family story: I became interested in purchasing this because I discovered that it was a prequel to a Horton Foote story that I owned on VHS, ""1918"". This story is about the same family, but set a few years earlier. I also purchased ""On Valentine's Day"" which is a story that falls between this one and ""1918"".",
61295,__label__1,These are the worst ever!: I have been greatly dissppointed by the whole series. I ordered three DVDs at once and am stuck with them. They don't hold my son's attention at all which is fine with me because Dave and Becky are so annoying anyway I couldn't stand it if he could. Way better choice would be the Fred Levine series or the I Love CAT Machines series. Don't waste your money on these.,
61296,__label__2,"elegant-anza: This bar tape is super nice. it took me a while to wrap, i was probably too meticulous, but it looks great. The Yellow will get dirty, but you can clean it with soap and water.",
61297,__label__1,"Most Difficult to Install: I agree with the previous reviewer, although this tape looks great once applied, it's a bear to wrap any surface with a curve to it. It wants to bulge and pucker. If you're not experienced with installing handlebar tape, try another product first.",
61298,__label__1,"Confusing and Disorganized: I found this book to be confusing and disorganized as a reference guide. Please just give us the syntax, samples and any helpful shortcuts and a useful index!",
61299,__label__1,"Too verbose, and not very helpful: I've hated this book. I am an experienced programmer, with little database experience. I like my technical books to be brief and to the point. I started reading the PL/SQL guide with a few simple questions: how can I write a stored procedure, what is a calling convention, where are they stored inside the DB. Skimming the book to find answers to these did not work, and the book was way too verbose (pages of common-sense stuff tangential to PL/SQL, such as ""you should write as little code as possible"", ""Make comments easy to enter and maintain"").If you are looking to get going quickly, Urman's book is much better.",
61300,__label__1,"More advice than PL/SQL Programming: When looking for a solution to practical real life programming problems,I find it hard to find a solution or an answer in this book. The focus is by far to much on style and how the author would do it rather than to offer relevant working examples relating to the real world, contradicting the title of the book. I got a lot of paper for my money, but that's about it.",
61301,__label__1,"Too much speech! Too many inaccuracies: Why so much empty speech and ""humour / esprit à deux sous""? Mister Feuerstein is apparently not so sure about the meaning of a constant. The code examples can be confusing. I had the impression that selling that what is intended to be humor is more important than clarifying the pl/sql features. Mister Feuerstein knows probably a lot about pl/sql, but not necessarily about software engineering. In short: It was not necessary to waste so many trees for the meager content of the book.MarcoMathematician / Computer Scientist",
61302,__label__1,Get the Urman book instead: Yes this is the BIG name BUT unfortunately there are errors aplenty (the cursor for loop for example) & the EXAMPLES are worthless. Snippets of nonsense not good for really running code. The organization is poor. Buy the book from OraclePress or the 21 days to PL/SQL if a starter instead. Ignore this one. I wish I did.,
61303,__label__2,"Solid book, but not alot of depth: I have found this book to be a good reference, especially as a quick reference. It is clear and concise. The examples and text however lack detail, as such when using something for the first time I prefer to use other texts that go into greater detail.",
61304,__label__1,"Not a book for beginners: A few weeks ago, I decided to learn PL/SQL. I browsed the Amazon site to look for a good book for beginners. I picked this book based on the good review by the other readers. At the time, I did not know those reviewers, most likely had some experience with PL/SQL before they bought this book. After reading this book half way, I definetly rate this book highly if I have experience in PL/SQL. This book would be a good one for beginners if the author rearranges the order to the chapters. Right from the start, the author uses function, package and procedure to illustrate some of his points. Unfortunately, he does not introduce these 3 topics until later in the book. Poor me!! I did not have a easy time. I do not blame the author because he never claims that this book is intended for beginners.",
61305,__label__1,"Oracle Pl/Sql Programming: I ordered Oracle Pl/Sql Programming version 3 but they mailed meversion 2. This is a big B.S.,",
61306,__label__1,"Good Movie; Bad DVD Audio: I enjoy spaghetti westerns and the Terrence Hill ones are no exception. They are funny, light and entertaining. However, the DVD audio is horrible! As another reviewer had noted, there is a high pitch whistle which is constant throughout, regardless of what DVD player is used (Sony and Phillips). It is so shrill that it makes the video unwatchable. Painful! It would be better not sold than to be sold with such poor quality!",
61307,__label__2,"VERY REAL AND FUNNY: The best of the classics western movies. The Trinity films are ahead of all other western films for it combines a real environment with funny situations in a master way no other films can do. This movie change your outlook on westerns by enhancing the understanding of the behavior of real people. There are several Trinity's pictures that are not in the market today. This situation must be solved. On the other hand, I do not understand why the traslation option was disabled from the DVD.",
61308,__label__1,Trinity is still my name: this was the wrong video with the same title and was returned and I was reimbursed,
61309,__label__1,DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION! This is an unauthorized bootleg edition.: This is an unauthorized pan and scan release of this film made from VHS tape. If you want a quality copy of this film buy the HEN'S TOOTH VIDEO edition. It costs more but it is authorized by the producer's estate and is made from an anamorphic 16x9 master with royalties paid to the actual copyright owners of the picture.,
61310,__label__1,Trinity Is Still My Name: If you like the old Spagetti Westerns this is bottom of the barrel. Something to watch when you need to waste time.,
61311,__label__2,"pretty good book.: You should read this book because it is really intersting.Frank and Joe are trying to catch a gang of car theives that keep stealing cars on shore road. And a father and son get kiddnapped. The kiddnapping involves car stealing. So after you finish reading book number 5 or any other of the hardys,Get this book today.",
61312,__label__2,Another good mystery!: I read all the HB books years ago and decided to read them once again. As with other HB books they are easy to read and brings you back to simpler time when life was good.,
61313,__label__2,"Car thieves and a friend accused of robbery set this story off to a fast start: Sneaking around, discovering what other teens or adults were up to, solving crimes, ahh, I loved this series.I read the entire series as a kid, and loved it. It chronicles two brothers and their friends adventures as they solve mysteries of all imaginable kinds. I only learned as an adult that Franklin W Dixon was a pen name used by several different authors, but the series had some great stories. I still enjoy a good mystery.Paul Buckner,author of ""From Broke to Broker, and other stories of finding financial freedom.""",
61314,__label__2,"The Praise Band - Christian Music CD: Highly recommended. This audio 2 CD set is loaded with the ""good stuff"". We especially like ""We Praise You for Your Glory"" and ""I Love Your Grace"".",
61315,__label__1,Pearl Drop Earrings - Sardelli: The description for this earrings should say - Children's Jewelry. So tiny and I find the quality so poor. This must be made in either China or Thailand where most cheap jewelry nowadays come from. Will learn a lesson next time.,
61316,__label__1,"Cheap reissue: I have the suspect that this re-edition of the classic Deniece Williams/Johnny Mathis album is no official.The sound is terrible (absolutely without bass frequencies)The cover of the cd is very cheap and the booklet is printed without any informations, lyrics, details of the reissue.Please do not waste your money for this horrible and fake reprint",
61317,__label__1,"Didn't really like it: For some reason, I found the whole notion of him falling in love with her so fast to be unbelievably unrealistic. This book had a lot of unrealistic moments that made me cringe. For instance, Brian MCKnight, Donnie McClurkin and Boys II Men playing at their wedding. Really author? Come on.",
61318,__label__2,"Didn't really like it.: I've read A Love So Strong, Crossing Jhordan's River,and One Prayer Away. LOVED ALL THREE. I found the first two Grace books, and FLAG and BOG were letdowns. I realized they came first, and KNB was probably fine tuning her flow, but I just could not get into these. I ended up skimming them on the train. Not terrible books, but definitely not repeats like her others for me.",
61319,__label__2,"Not Your Mama's OR Your Daughter's Romance!: I guess I never really knew what Christian romance was. I always saw it as a ""Little House On The Prairie"" kind of thing that wouldn't hold my attention. This book opened my eyes! The characters were real and the story was excellent. It wasn't boring like the romances that your mama used to read, but it wasn't tacky like the stuff your teenaged daughter might be interested in reading. I loved the fact that it wasn't about sex...but about genuine love and friendship which is something that a lot of relationship books don't have. I won't give away any of the story, but it was just a wonderful novel that I loved from start to finish. Hope to see a sequel!",
61320,__label__1,For Love and Grace: I enjoyed this book very much. It was one of the best romance novels I have read. Everythng just tied together so well. I would like to read the sequel. I know that is is going to be just as good as this one.,
61321,__label__2,"Look out, Victoria Murray!: What a glorious book! Not since Victoria Murray have I read a more refreshing story of love seasoned with wholesome values that left me with an overwhelming feeling of satisfaction. It's a wonderful emotional experience to actually feel that a story has met every single need and expectation that you would have desired it to. For Love And Grace is one of those stories. It's more than just a good story. It's so well-written that I felt like I knew the characters and I could feel what they were feeling throughout the novel. I honestly hated for this one to end and I've started reading it for a second time. It's not often that you pick up a novel that portrays positive Black male role models who make you just want to get on your knees and ask God ""Where's mine?"", but Greg, in this book did that for me. Even Derrick, in his imperfections was decent and loved his family dearly. I really, really hope to see more work from this author. She certainly has",fan in
61322,__label__1,Not Mexicali Recipes: I was expecting the border town of Mexacali food. It is anything but. For the price it is more of a colorful small coffee table book. Not very many recipes. It should have a diffferent title.,
61323,__label__2,"Excellent Variety Show starring Snoopy and Charlie Brown!: This was a great video, although a little choppy in areas. Two identical intro pieces is too repetitive, corrected ,however, by fast forward button. Linus is having issues with his blankie-good stuff. My little one doesn't leave the room without her ""blankie"", so she can definately relate to the ""Security Blanket"" episodes. Very cute, compact, and great to see my children enjoying the Peanuts characters that my husband and I grew up with. I hope yours will too.",
61324,__label__1,"Defective battery holder door: I do like this trash can, EXCEPT for the poorly fitted door to the battery holder. If I move the trash can, or if someone accidentally bumps it, the door becomes dislodged, and the batteries shift, losing their contact points. As a result, the can is no longer a ""touchless"" one. There is no damage to the door--it's just a defect in the engineering and production. There's no way to exchange it, as the postage to return it would cost too much. I've resorted to taping not only the door, but also the batteries. It is an annoying workaround. For this reason, I cannot recommend paying the price for this can unless you buy it locally and return it if yours, too, is defective.",
61325,__label__1,"What Battery Holder: Wow, at least your can came with a battery holder. Mine didn't. Needless to say, the touchless can seldom worked as the batteries kept getting dislodged. What a disappointment.",
61326,__label__1,"Don't bother: After about a year, the linkage broke that links the drive motor and the lid. I can't find any replacement parts.The lid responds slowly. If a lid is necessary, I'd prefer a foot-operated lid - it would require less maintenance and be more responsive.",
61327,__label__1,"15 Years Later: Not the best album Bowie has issued , in fact probably the worst.It took me 15 years to buy this, just to complete my Bowie collection, and I won't be playing it much. But it's a nice cover.",
61328,__label__1,"hard to understand: Ok, so David Bowie is a musical genius. I have almost 70 albums / cd's in my collection. The Tin Machine project had good songs (specially on the first release). TM II had some terrible songs. So this is a live album with a setlist made of the WORST songs off those two albums!! And the songs are stretched to even last longer. It's like Bowie's worst enemy recorded it. No wonder the band dissapeared shortly sfter this record (no longer available, by the way)",
61329,__label__1,"live at leeds this is not: So everyone hates your new band. Two albums sell 4 copies. What to do, what to do... Put out a live album!",
61330,__label__2,"The Best Chemistry Book You'll Ever Encounter: Beautiful book! Reads easily, great diagrams, and pretty pictures. Since Atkins is an excellent physical chemist, his chapters on physical chemistry are the best in the book.",
61331,__label__1,"Proactiv works better: This product seems to work slightly, but Proactiv works much better on my face. Perhaps Proactiv doesn't work with you, which in that case you might want to try this, but you can get the same size bottles plus a free gift for only $20 with Proactiv. I spent $30, got the same size bottles and no free gift.",
61332,__label__2,"Excellent Reference: A thoroughly written book about the Indonesian takover of West Papua, and the OPM guerilla movement that that emerged in response to it. Contains lots of unique photographs.It would have deserved 5 stars when it was published, but is now somewhat dated.",
61333,__label__1,"So-so online reference: It is a CD-ROM with an associated user's book that has a bare minimum of information.The CD-ROM is searchable and in HTML. It covers all the packages and classes of Java 2. It's style is very similiar to Java in a Nutshell. The search works by allowing you to type in the name of any class, method, or field. The CD-ROM will take you directly to the page covering that topic or give you a list of topics if there is more than one.This CD-ROM's major competitor is the Java Almanac. I prefer the almanac because it is paper.The CD-ROM has a nice browsing system, but given the fact that it does not have class/method descriptions, I think I will typically use the free HTML help that comes with JDK over this CD-ROM. The only time I envision using this CD-ROM is when I am working with a non-core API.",
61334,__label__1,"This is not a good reference: If you are in need of a good reference, do not buy this one. It contains a book (~50 pages) and a CD-ROM. The book contains no details at all. Just an overciew of Java2 news. You can download this info. from sun for free. The CD contains a searchable API reference. The organisation and the presentation of the information is really poor. All the helping comments are taken away. You just see the method name and what they return. I was hoping to get a good on-line ref. but THIS IS NOT IT. I recomend the on-line help that comes with IBM Visual Age for Java. The hole product costs under 100 dollars.",
61335,__label__1,"Don't buy this CD-Rom: This ""Reference"" consists only of a CD-Rom with 130 MB and a very small booklet which concentrates on how to use the CD. The online reference on the CD claims to be a complete listing of all Java Classes and Packages, but without any example it's not as valueable as expected. Unfortunatly the surely required copy-protection causes a denial of service, when you try to copy all the files to your harddrive. This is a certain drawback, when you want the reference to be quickly available. No detailed reference, really.",
61336,__label__1,"Not worth the money.: I own a cybershot sony camera, and I was planning on just buying a housey for that camera, but then I was told that a housey can hurt the camera if its not used right so I started looking for a cheap underwater camera. I came across this camera, and seeing as it was cheap and digital I bought it.. After I got I noticed that there was no screen [to see the pictures after they are taken]. Also the pictures didnt come out very good. Most were very blurry. The first time I put the camera in the water [after testing the case] the camera failed and the pictures deleted themselfs. I wouldnt even call this a camera. This is a toy. Not worth the money. Your better off buying a $200 camera that will last you more than one try.",
61337,__label__1,Maybe good as a childs toy: I bought this camera to use kayaking. Unfortunatly it is too low of resolution and too poor of lens quality to be good for anything other then a toy.,
61338,__label__1,"Disappointing results: I bought this camera for a snorkeling trip in the Philippines. What a disappointment to find that none of the pictures we took with this camera -- above or under the water -- were even distinguishable. Fuzzy, blurry, and strangely...red. Do yourself a favor, don't buy this camera.",
61339,__label__1,"I wouldn't recommend this book..: I purchased this book to be used as a reference book. I already had our SBS up and running (and even if I didn't, I don't think this book would have helped too much). The book goes on and on about the features of Small Business Server and how easy it is for the administrator to set up and maintain (the book does this for at least a hundred pages). I believe knowing about all of the features are important, but the book lacks in not showing the reader how to troubleshoot and inplement most of them. Some of the features that I was trying to implement were advanced but not out of the ordinary. This book didn't halp me at all.I have read many text books in my days. I felt that this book was the worst purchase I have made in a long time. This book wouldn't be that bad if the reader was never going to set up the server, but wanted to know what the server could do.",
61340,__label__2,"SBS Consultant's Bible: This book is NOT for a network administrator, but it is a must-have for anybody who deploys and supports SBS installations. Covers just about everything except how to install and configuure RRAS to replace RAS. Apart from that it gives you a solid fundation on which to build your SBS expertise. Note Microsoft posted an errata on their Web site.",
61341,__label__2,THE FACTS: WHAT REALLY HAPPEND 331 PEOPLE DIED BUT NOW THEY ARE BEAING BROUGHT TO TRIAL THAT STARTED FEB 4 2002 ALL SHOULD BE KILLED,
61342,__label__1,"Los lentes de una sola pieza se dañan: Compre unos Ray Ban muy lindos el diseño era muy fashion, quedaban muy bién puestos pero después de dos años de uso se les empezo a caer el filtro solar a mis lentes de sol en la parte del frente y luego en la parte interna, cuando los lleve a la optica para ver que podiamos hacer con ellos la respuesta que me dieron es que no tienen arreglo, que los lentes de una sola pieza no tienen respaldo ni reemplazo y gaste $200 en unos Ray Ban que son para toda la vida y me duraron 2 años, increblemente mal y nadie responde por el daño ni siquiera la casa matriz, por eso no compren lentes de una sola pieza, salen muy malos...",
61343,__label__2,"A useful and worthwhile book: I had just about given up hope of finding one single book that could help me understand ATL - then I found this book. As an experienced C++ programmer, but a newcomer to ATL, I looked for a single source of information on the hows and whys of ATL. There are many good books out there, but each seems to fill a niche. But with this book I found, in one place, answers to all the questions I've been wrestling with for months now. Besides covering ATL, it contains a wealth of tips and tidbits that you'll likely run across during coding and testing that arent covered anywhere else. This fact alone justifies buying the book. I'm resigned that one book cant cover everything a programmer may need to know about ATL, but after digesting this one I'm confident that I'll be able to digest the others as well. I paid list price for this one, but I dont regret it. Neither will you.",
61344,__label__1,"Look for something better: I only wish there was a 0 star rating. I don't recommend this book. While I agree ATL is complex, the book skips around, has unclear examples, and left me more confused then when I started.",
61345,__label__2,"There is some good ATL info in here after looking: I started some ATL programming in my company and wanted to buy some books on the subject. I got this one because it was from Microsoft. The presentation of useful material is scattered through out the book and if you can get through the first couple of chapters, you can get to some pretty interesting stuff. I really liked the discussion of COM identity and how interface maps worked.",
61346,__label__1,"A one-dimensional insider's view.: Pedantic repitition of technical details that can be found elsewhere. Not concerned with questions of practicality, and seldom willing to become critical. Can't recommend.",
61347,__label__1,"Inside ATL but not the outside: I tried to read through this book in relation to the creation of ActiveX controls I however found information missing and holes in what was there. I ended with alot more questions that answers. A number of subjects ended with the reader having to come to there own conclusion without the book drawing the conlusion for you. This spends most of its time explains in detail how COM does this etc and why, but never how to use ATL on the outside. I found trying to use this book to write a simple project painfull and confusing. Internals it might have but as a explation of how to use ATL forget it. Its internals information is not even that good.",
61348,__label__1,"Dissapointing: This is a great book if you are already intimately familiar with COM. Their coverage of the Component Object Model is not too good. Also, coverage of building an ActiveX control container with ATL is very limited. Everyone covers building controls. Few books make connection points and events in ActiveX understandable.",
61349,__label__1,"You understand this book if u were already ATL expert: I am a beginner to ATL and COM. I was excited first that there is a book on ATL from Microsoft Press. After going through this book, I am quite disappointed. The book has no direction, poor in building up the concepts. I feel the authors just opened the atl header files and started pouring all those details into different chapters. If a beginner is looking for a good ATL book, I don't think this book is the right one.",
61350,__label__1,"Absolutley Worthless: This is one of the most worthless MS Press books I've ever bought. This piece of garbage does not even include the simplest example of creating a simple Hello World application using the ATL Window Classes. The samples in this book all assume that you'll be implementing dialog based applications. So using this book for what I wanted, window based containers for ActiveX controls, is totally not possible.I wish I could give this book fewer stars.",
61351,__label__1,save your money: It is better to look at ATL source code under ATL\include directory than read this book. You would have better understanding on ATL.,
61352,__label__1,"For God sake, try something else: The lousiest book I have ever read. I happened to buy this just because its from Microsoft press. I bet there should be better books on ATL",
61353,__label__1,"I am very glad I rented this, rather than bought.: Maybe I'm a purist, but I was surprised to see a man in a tux in what was supposed 1600s Italy. Not to mention a pick up truck that looked like it was dragged straight from the junkyard and plunked down on set. All of that made for a very jarring viewing experience.The plot..Was there one? I realize this wasn't supposed to a literal biopic, but the writer could have at least tried for a story. It was all random scenes I couldn't follow. As for the love triangle, it all went by so fast I wasn't even aware of when it started and ended. There was very little dialogue.All in all, not something I'd recommend in the way of an actual biopic. It was interesting at times, but I still ended up left with a ""What the heck did I watch?""",
61354,__label__1,Horrid. Absolutely horrid.: This was hands down the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm an art history major and I'm actually currently taking an entire class on Caravaggio. Nothing in this movie is based in fact at all. It's simply a gratuitous sex-fest. Jarman simply created a movie pushing his own sexual agenda using Caravaggio as his character. This movie has nothing to do with Caravaggio at all. Absolutely terrible. A disgusting waste of time.,
61355,__label__1,"Took WAY too long to ship.: I needed this book by a certain date for school and I was told it was Free 2-Day Shipping. I didn't come for like 2 months, after I had moved and started law school. Totally defeated the purpose. I still don't know what took it so long.",
61356,__label__1,"Don't waste your money: I purchased a set of Nology wires a while back. Worked great for about 2 months. more power, better gas milage, etc. then the capacitor in one of the wires went out. I don't know which wire, but one of the cylinders stopped working. I sent back all four wires to Nology for them to check out. They sent them back with the explanation that a metal connector was loose. I put the wires back on my car and they worked great,....for about two weeks. At a cost of $50 per wire I expected more. I have never had any spark plug wire fail except for Nology. You are better off trying Pulstar Pulse Plug. It has the capacitor in the plug itself. Nology wires look much ""cooler"", but I would rather have performance over looks. Would you rather look at a pretty lady or be with a pretty lady?",
61357,__label__1,Low quality of printer: Received the Canon Pxima mini260 on time from Amazon as usual! Open the box to check it out before wrapping it as a gift. I found the quality of the printer to be really cheap and there were all these warnings about how to put the ink cartridge in the printer and if not just right it could cause problems and even breakage. The ink cartridge is a multi purpose cartridge and it is so small that there is no way it could last for long without have to replace. I returned it to Amazon which refunded my mony and I purchased an Epson Photomate. The Epson works great and the quality of the prints are supper.,
61358,__label__1,"Disappointed - Very Disappointed: I've always loved Canon digital cameras, so I was sure that I would also love a Canon printer. Sadly, I've never been so unhappy with anything as I am with this mini260 printer. After less than six months, of light to medium use, the printer seems to be worn out. I am faced with either replacing the print head (which Canon happily tells me may not solve the problem), or replacing the printer completely. Further, I have found that the ink cartridges are nearly impossible to find locally (so I order them from amazon), the paper is very expensive locally, and the printer is picky about using only Canon paper. Other papers give very poor print results. The user interface is very 'clicky', and I'm not impressed with the feel of the printer - it's very lightweight and fragile-feeling. Before I purchased this canon printer, I used an HP photoprinter (one of the first) for YEARS and was very happy. Guess what I am about to do now ?",
61359,__label__2,"Very handy for small projects...: For a first timer on photo printer, I was quite proud of myself for putting it togeter out of the box. The installation process was easy, print quality was compatible to the one-hour photo print you get in the stores. Took me awhile to figure out how to print 4 imagies on 1 print. Overall, it is easy to use for basic 4x6 prints, printing from memory card or from camera. Unfortunately it does not print from computer and cannot print other sizes. Unless you only want to do 4x6 prints and don't use a computer, get something more advanced as you will quicky get bored of it and want more.",
61360,__label__1,"Love the show, but...: My wife and I enjoy watching Gene Simmons Family Jewels and have watched every episode except for ""The Roast"". The claim on the case and everywhere else is The complete Season 3. That is false and very annoying. Leaving out the roast was the worst idea ever. Stating it is the complete season and then leaving out one of the best parts was quite annoying. Guess I'll have to resort to other methods to get future episodes.",
61361,__label__2,"Gene is so cool: I think we can dispell the notion that this is a true REALITY show. But, show me one that is truly REALITY. That being said, I just enjoy the show. Gene is so charasmatic. Shannon plays the beautiful, down to Earth common sense to Gene's chaotic genius. Their kids are surprisingly normal but still have a bit of that spoiled, sheltered thing. The first season looked more REALITY than the other two but overall the show is very enjoyable.",
61362,__label__2,Fantastic: The packaging was great. It came in less time than estimated. I watched it & not a scratch. Thx i would use the company again.,
61363,__label__2,"Disney Always Rocks: Yeah looks like it's a great get, if you haven't already got every CD by disney. Didn't know the song You'll be In my Hear was a Tarzan track. Must be a spin off to You'll be in My Heart. Its all good.",
61364,__label__2,Disney Superstar Hits: Was very good. Wife enjoys DVD. Was a good price and quick getting. Brings back memories from the past.Thank You so much.,
61365,__label__2,"One of my favorite CDs!: I love Disney and this just made my collection 100 times better! I love all of the songs in this CD (although I wished they had The little Mermaid songs since its my favorite!) Great CD, must buy if you're a big Disney fan!",
61366,__label__2,Excellent!: Samurai and the Tea was not only historically accurate but kept my interest from beginning to end. Cathy Brueggemann Beil has an extraordinary talent for writing! After reading the book myself I am now reading it to my children. What an incredible way to learn about the beautiful legacy of the Japanese Christians! I look forward to her next book!,
61367,__label__2,"Great Book: While never being an avid reader in high school I am deliberately trying to broaden my literary horizons. I reviewed the consumer critiques of Cathy Brueggemann Beil's book, The Samurai and the Tea, and chose to read it. I was not disappointed. The book had adventure, mystery, and inspiration. I also loved the fact that it wasn't super lengthy. It held my interest and I strongly recommend the book. Looking forward to more of Beil's publishings.",
61368,__label__2,"An excellent, comprehensive guide to Hawaii: This book is outstanding! It goes far beyond the typical travel guide, covering such topics as the history, natural history, language, economy, and religion of Hawaii. Bisignani does not allow this to distract in any way from the purpose of the book, however. Quite the opposite; I used this book (almost exclusively) in planning an incredible--and incredibly diverse--trip to Hawaii. Everything from $20/night cabins in Volcanos National Park to $400+/night super-luxury resorts are covered in its many pages.A word of caution, though. If you are interested in a guide book to aid in finding a resort to escape to for your vacation, ""Hawaii Handbook"" may have too much information for you. Reading this book will allow and encourage travelers to get the most out of Hawaii's fantastically diverse offerings. You beach bums may discover that you are missing out on a great deal, and end up spending a lot less time sunning by the surf!",
61369,__label__1,"Is this the same author?: The first two books in the series are distinctly excellent and compelling science fiction. Not sure what happened here - this book is frustratingly aimless. Mr. Park's writing remains very good, but not good enough to make this nearly plotless book readable.",
61370,__label__1,Terrible copy: The video might have been good but the copy I received was scratched and I opened 2 months after purchase so I was stuck with it.,
61371,__label__2,"Amazing: This DVD is so fantastic I want to buy it for everyone I know. I was speechless!!! I have never seen a harp played like this before, in fact, I have very seldom seen any instrument played this well and with this much creativity and energy before. The Grand Rapids Orchestra was amazing and creative and the perfect blend with Deborah Henson-Conant. As if her talent with the harp isn't enough, her voice is an amazing and beautiful instrument in itself. It literally brought tears to my eyes. Even my six year old son was enthralled. This is the most fantastic performance I've ever seen!",
61372,__label__2,"Fantastic performer: I have never seen anything quite like Deborah! What a versatile, soulful, playful, gifted performer and story teller. I highly recommend this concert to anyone who not only loves the harp, but loves to be entertained, enchanted, bewitched, and loves humor. This DVD is a lovely gift or perfect for your own collection. I have watched it multiple times so far, never tire of it, and look forward to the next time I watch it. I have given copies to friends as gifts and will be on the lookout for more copies to give away. Her CD's are wonderful, but watching her perform on the DVD is the best experience when getting acquainted with this gifted musician. Enjoy!",
61373,__label__1,"The talking jazzist: I was searching for a good harp player (jazz) and read a reccomendationon this DVD as a ""must have"" harp masterpiece.I bought this DVD with the hope to hear good jazz from the harp. Instead what I heard was a lot of talking from the player. If you like stories this is the DVD you want.",
61374,__label__1,"Not terribly helpful . . .: I knew this book inside and out, but I still failed the test. The practice exam questions in this book look NOTHING like the questions on the actual exam. I would not recommend this book if you are hoping to pass the SQL exam. However, it is a good starting point.",
61375,__label__1,this is the best book for failing in SQL server Exam: there is not option to give 0 star so i've given 1 starI just got pissed of by reading this bookfirst time i got 600 after using this book i got 400 only (???) at second time,
61376,__label__1,"Kenneth Cole RUNS BIG: Guys, i needed a pair of shoes for a wedding and had to buy'em quick. so i headed to amazon and purchased these. I've purchased several pairs of shoes before on this awesome site, but these were off by a way much. It seems to be that Kenneth Cole shoes run way bigger that you normal size. I'm a size 12 and these were defiantly not 12. they were at least 13 ! Also once i had them they dont look as much like the picture. AVOID.",
61377,__label__2,"These run big: VERY nice shoe. These do seem to run about half of a size big, though. The brown pair has different shades of brown color (obviously intential) throughout the shoe. I like that they are not a solid color and I have had several compliments on them.",
61378,__label__1,"There are far better sources: I had high hopes for this books since the Mass Eye and Ear atlas is so well done. This book, however, is not an easy read and I feel that the topics are not really consistent with board-type material. Also, the pictures are largely useless, with a ton of pathology pictures without clinical photos. I think Chern is far better organized and easier to follow.",
61379,__label__2,"Best review book for OKAPs and Boards: Concise, high yeild, great pictures, great adjunct to the BCSC. Once you've read the basic science books, you can crank through friedmans in a week or two and really retain the high yeild points. A must have to the ophthalmology resident's collection.",
61380,__label__2,"Very nice book: I took the Bay Area Ophthalmology Course and this was the book that most ophtho residents were using. It has a good lay out, good pics and enough information.",
61381,__label__2,"Excellent for Beginners/Great for Experienced: After browsing through this book, I quickly went back and started reading it from the beginning. This is a great book for beginners in web authoring and an excellent ref. for experienced authors. As a self taught web author, I have purchased and read many books. For those just beginning, this book is worth the price. As for advanced authors, this book is a valuable ref. which includes the the newer XHTML 1.1 .. check this out. You will not be regret it. Well structured and complete and easy to read and understand. You will comprehend all that you read.",
61382,__label__2,"Modularization anyone?: I read (or skimmed) many books looking for some understandable explanation of XHTML modularization. This book has it. When I checked who the author was, I found it was Steven Holzer, the author of the equally great Inside XML. Figures. The two best books on XML and XHTML were written by the same person.",
61383,__label__2,"Review for Faith God and Rock and Roll: It was pretty good. I would also include more even testimony of failure, for this reason. If you paint a picture that everything is perfect, and leave out what is not, you could be seen as being willing to omit details to make your point. This is a flaw that is recognizable in different cults. But, if you lay out everything exactly as it is, it is much more difficult to deny that there is something of value in the testimony of the ones who were successful in living for Christ. Like, the Bible includes Saul, Judas and Demas, alongside Peter, Paul and David. But, insdead of Saul and Judas and Demas discrediting God, they prove the value of what Peter, Paul and David really had in God.",
61384,__label__2,"Fantastic Resource for Transplants or Tourists: We came across this DVD last spring while planning our relocation to the Portland area. It's been such a wonderful resource and was a great help in getting our children excited about the move. I was from the area originally but after being away for over a decade, I was surprised at how much I wasn't aware of. We've watched it over and over again. Highly recommended for anyone, especially families relocating to Portland, those coming on vacations or even Portland residents looking for year round family friendly activities.",
61385,__label__2,"GREAT RESOURCE!!!: We bought this video before going on a trip to Portland with our 4 year old daughter. The video gave us great ideas for things to do on our trip. We especially liked the tips about things thats ""locals"" do with their kids--- the live theater, the parks and especially, splashing in Portland's many fountains. Without the video, we would not have known that it was ok and even encouraged to splash away! Our daughter also loved watching the video for fun. She asked for it every night for weeks and especially liked watching all the kids playing. Once we got to Portland, she was incredibly excited to see all the places that were already familiar from the video. I recommend this highly for anyone planning a family vacation (or relocation) to Portland.",
61386,__label__2,"Great CD !: I've listened to Macabre for years and I never thought I'd hear an acoustic set by them, but here it is. And it's actually really good! There's only five songs, and they aren't very long, but if you like Macabre then it's worth getting. The one song that stands out is ""The Geins"" concerning Ed Gein from Wisconsin. The lyrics are hillarious. It's worth buying the CD just for this song.",
61387,__label__2,"Never got tired of reading this!: This is such a special book. I loved reading it differently every night and there are so many things that a child can chime in on or count or comment on. We have said the ending ""prayer"" every night for 6 1/2 years. We continue to say it with a couple of changes. I'm not religious so we changed the ""prayer"" to begin with ""Dear Spirit"" and end with "" ...bless all of us who have lots of words.""",
61388,__label__2,"Best bedtime story!: I love this book!! My three year old and I read it just about every night at bedtime. It's perfect, not too long or short. My daughter loves it so much that she has memorized the ENTIRE book word for word! Now she insists on ""reading"" it to me at bedtime. I was surprised to find it had a lovely prayer on the last page,... didn't think it was a religious sort of book until I got to that last page. Even though I'm not a very religious person I still enjoy this book and recommend it to everyone.",
61389,__label__1,"religious connotations: I bought this book for my 1 year old daughter because we love our Margaret Wise Brown books: Goodnight Moon, The Big Red Barn, and Runaway Bunny. I found the style of this one to be very different and was upset by the last page, which is obviously a Christian prayer. If you are Christian then this might be fine, perhaps ideal, but we do not practice religion in our home so I was a bit put off. I'm a little sensitive about this subject though so take it for what it's worth. Not as good as her other books IMO.",
61390,__label__2,"Delgihtful Book!: Delightful book! Worth the purchase of this book by the wonderful children's author, Margaret Wise Brown. GOODNIGHT MOON is also great.",
61391,__label__2,"Great Product: I must admit that I am not completely through with the cds (I'm almost finished with cd 4 of 6), but mine must be an updated version since I seem to have the ability to skip through tracks on a single cd. It's a bit strange that there are NO instructions as to how to actually do the lessons (i.e. are we supposed to repeat once and then say it with the Italian person?). I would have appreciated one piece of paper with basic instructions. Also it's hard to learn the language without seeing it in writing (what will I do when I see it written in Italy?) but overall, the Italian speaker is very clear and speaks at a slow pace, and the English speaker sounds like he's a computer talking, but I think it's a good course. I'm going to complement it with the ""Italian for Dummies"" book to help me along. It's difficult to drive in LA while learning a language (or maybe the other way around). I like it though. I'd recommend it.",
61392,__label__2,Very Effective: A big 'two thumbs up' for this unique interview question-answer style teaching method.The native Italian speaker's voice is excellent and is a big plus.An even bigger plus is the easy-to-learn method that gets you speaking your own mind in Italian and not someone else's.Makes learning to speak Italian easy and fun.,
61393,__label__1,Too many fake reviews: These five star reviews all read like they were written by the same person. Certainly the same people are writing similar reviews for every book in the series. So ... I say we balance out the dishonest 5-stars review with some single-star reviews.,
61394,__label__1,"[...]: The theory behind it is excellent. However, [the quality is bad]. The CD tracks do not go forward or back... so you might have advanced to the next track, but when you stop the CD it goes back to the beginning of track 1. This is a course meant to be used ""behind the wheel"" of a car... how can you you safely drive a car as you are fast forwarding, which takes forever if you want to advance much beyond the first track. So really, you never get beyond the letters, or the first few words. Believe me, I ordered Berlitz and that is the way to go. Also, try a company called World of Reading Ltd.",
61395,__label__1,"I know how to count.: I can only review three of the discs because the remainder were defective and had repeated areas of skipping. One of the ""good"" discs had 54 seconds of dead air space at the beginning of the disc. A good portion of the discs (too much actually) concentrates on counting. Many references are out of date and irrelevant (how you convert from Francs to Lira? who cares, - there are no more Francs or lira....) Mr. Frobose discusses a few examples of words that have similar roots and sounds in Italian and English as a way to accelerate the learning of many words. However after this brief mention, he never expands on this idea. If he had given the listener a bunch of these words, he may have hit on a theme for a set of discs that satisfy.",
61396,__label__1,Avoid Like the Plaque: This course arrived with a xeroxed cover. The CD's looked like they were made by someone on their computer at home. The sound was scratchy and clicked often. A very sub-standard product.,
61397,__label__2,"Really Excellent Method: Two weeks ago, at the behest of my friend Robert who travels frequently to Italy, I reluctantly purchased Behind the Wheel Italian.What a surprise. A small name in the foreign language business comes up with the best method and course. From beginning to end, this course, in an interested way, takes you from zip to conversational in Italian without having to guess. Everything is included on the CDs which makes this perfect for the car or gym. The English speaker gives you the English once, and Anna (the native Italian speaker) gives you the Italian twice. Most important of all, this unique approach to language learning gets you speaking your own original sentences so that you can really speak the language, not just parrot a bunch of incomprehensible jibberish.Congratulations to Language Dynamics, the small company, for having the creativity and innovation to make the best basic Italian language course on the market.",
61398,__label__2,Timeless: I first bought this when Robert J. Lurtsema played it on WGBG in about 1985. Ten years later my kids played with blocks to it. Twenty years later they're now playing the Debussy on piano themselves. Timeless.,
61399,__label__1,"great for beginners, but very basic and outdated: A beginning crafter with little computer experience will probably really enjoy this book. It's got some great very beginning, easy projects.If you have any graphics and graphic software experience at all, this book will waste your time. It was written in 1998, which in Internet years is approaching the stone age. Sorry to bias the stats, but I'm a graphics professional and was looking for more like some of the new image tranfer technique books.",
61400,__label__2,"Beyond the Steps and Stares: Raina Futrell wrote a heartfelt story of her journey with her son, Cody, who has spina bifida. As I read this story, I felt I was right there with their family, experiencing every joy and sorrow, every up and down.This well-written story was one of those books that once you started reading it, you couldn't put it down. Since my daughter has spina bifida like Cody, I really related to the entire book.",
61401,__label__2,"This is me: Dream is a very good group. This is me is a great song. The CD also includes a remix. Also enhanced with the video. They were gonna come out with a new album and the got a new member named Kasey. Melissa expressed her desire to leave the group, in order to appear in the Nick Cannon movie ""Love don't cost a thing"", and to work on a solo record. But the group split up when they released their new single ""Crazy"" which is aparently not available on amazon.com or anywhere. But anyway, This is me is a great song. It's out of stock. But mak sure you buy it used or new.",
61402,__label__2,"Another grand, romantic epic: Random Winds tells the story of one man's life, a doctor whose passionate love for another man's wife threatens the very foundations of his existance. This is one of those impossibly romantic novels one curls up with on a rainy day. Also, as a gay man who read this as a teenager, it was so important to me that Ms. Plain included a positive homosexual character; I've always been appreciative of that.",
61403,__label__2,Random Winds: I very much like books about doctors. This story was beautifully written and kept my interest. I would recommend this book to anyone especially women.,
61404,__label__1,"Careless lack of proofreading: My comments apply only to the quality of this Kindle edition of Belva Plain's Random Winds. This author's remarkable talent for writing has been violated by an obvious lack of proofreading by whoever put out this edition. I am 30% of the way through the novel, which I own in hardcover and read years ago, and I have found page after page of examples of missing punctuation, misspelled words (leaving a reader to guess what that word might be) and lack of capital letters where needed--just silly, annoying little mistakes that interrupt the flow of the actual work of the author.Really, it's just a shame. Perhaps it won't bother other readers, but as someone who knows this author and appreciates her work, it is annoying and the responsible parties should be embarrassed. This is not about the cost of the copy, it's about respect for someone's life work.",
61405,__label__1,"Random Winds: One would have to be a sadist to enjoy this novel full of bad relations, death from floods, war, etc. Disfunctional characters making poor judgements, etc.",
61406,__label__2,"In-Fin Credible: Amazing Drum N Bass Mix.I've been listening to it since I bumped into it in 2008 and I don't get tired of it.It really will Drive you Insane, but in a good way. I think :)",
61407,__label__2,"Hardest drum & bass ever heard...: If you like Hardcore drum & bass, this is defenitely a piece for your collection...",
61408,__label__1,"garbage: Keep your orginal plug, this is worthless. it only has two controls and half the time it reboots and never does what i programed it for.",
61409,__label__1,"Randomly Turns Detector On and Off: I have the Whistler Pro78SE detector which is a great unit. The Whistler Intellecord is supposed to be compatible with my unit. The cord does what it's supposed to, but it randomly shuts the unit off and turns it back on. I don't have any problems when I use the power cord that came with my detector, only with the intellecord. If the Intellecord didn't do this it would be a useful thing to have.",
61410,__label__2,"Should have more features...: I bought this cord because I wanted a easier way to control my new Whistler Xtr-695SE while driving. I wanted an easier way to silence the alerts if needed. This cord helps you do just that. But I was hoping for more. I was hoping it would allow me to control the volume of the radar detector, allow you to control the menus or have coiled cord. But I am satisfied so far and it is customizable from the radar detectors menus. I would recommend this for the price (~$19).",
61411,__label__1,"Not worth the price, both of mine are defective: When I press the button it reboots both my detectors. I have two of these cords on 2 different detectors and it does the same thing on both of them. I even set both functions to auto mute and it still simply cycles the detector off then on when I press the button.",
61412,__label__1,"WhistlerIntellicord: This product comes with a straight power cord vs. a coiled cord that I was expecting. Did not even open the item packaging, and have already returned the item for credit, and subsequently ordered a regular coiled cord from Whistler directly as I could not find one offered on Amazon.",
61413,__label__2,Nice item but had issues.: Item is nice but quit working after about a day (solder connection came loose). Returned for another one and had no issuses with it.,
61414,__label__1,"Not intelligent at all.: 1 1/2 - 2 weeks after receiving the intellicord unit it failed. The unit's indicators lights were functioning but it did not power-up my whistler xtr 695se radar. Luckly, I was able to fall back on the original power cord for the radar to function properly. I am really surprised the failed unit didn't even make it passed the 30 day mark. I am in the process of returning the intellicord back to the seller(antonline_com). So far no issues from them at this point.",
61415,__label__1,"SENT IT BACK: SENT IT BACK BECAUSE WHISTLER PHONY RADAR DETECTOR IS JUNK RETURNED RADAR DETECTOR ALSO, A DON'T BUY WHISTLER PHONY RADAR DETECTOR",
61416,__label__2,"More Mature Sound: It's not a bad album. It doesn't rock like Brain Salad Surgery, but at the same time I think it qualifies as amore sophisticated sound for ELP. They still play well together, and as usual I would say that their sound herewould be regarded by many as being progressive. If you'rea big Keith Emerson fan there's something here, and likewise if you're a big Greg Lake fan there's something here as well. Palmer as usual does his own thing like no other drummer can. I really like the lyrics for 'Paper Blood' and 'Black Moon', and what Emerson does with 'Romeo & Juliet' is fun to listen to.",
61417,__label__1,"DISAPPOINTING: When I bought this album I was already a huge early ELP fan. I was really hoping they would write at least one song that harked back to their progressive days, but sadly they didn't. Most songs, although tightly played (as you'd expect from world class musicians) range from decent to weak. A drab offering of music stuck between pop and geek-rock. A project with alot of unfulfilled potential. Pass it up.",
61418,__label__2,Excellent Album: If you liked the Greg Lake moments on Love Beach & Works you will really enjoy this album. No it is not as proggy (or rambling) as their earlier more popular works but a great listen.,
61419,__label__2,Surprisingly good: Affairs of the Heart and Burning Bridges are two excellent treats on this album. Romeo and Juliet would love their bit on this album as well. Close to Home is a wonderful Emerson work. One of the few ELP albums that sound good in the car.,
61420,__label__1,"Sad come-back. Fans avoid!: I am a huge ELP fan, but there's a limit, and this is past that limit. (In the Hot Seat, the follow-up, is even worse.) Greg Lake's once awesomely beautiful and powerful voice is a ruin. It's shot; it's gone. The amazing classically-inspired construction of their earlier songs is gone, too. Instead we get horrible, cheesy MOR ballads. They can still play, but music this ordinary isn't worth playing. This isn't ELP; this is a ghastly OAP stage band, three guys who happen to have the same names. The real ELP died no later than the much (and on the whole justly) maligned ""Love Beach"". And even ""Love Beach"" had a few sparks left (the Rodrigo cover, bits of ""Officer and Gentleman"") of a once huge talent. But here the fire is out. I love ELP, but I love truth more.Laon",
61421,__label__2,ELP later on: ELP was such a great band and THE pioneer of prgressive rock. This album traces the later stages when ELP had passed their prime but could still deliver thoughtful and classy tunes. the hints of early stuff is here......Well worth owning and hearing.,
61422,__label__1,wasted potential: One of the most creative and important groups of the 70's produced blah pop in the 80's and 90's.,
61423,__label__2,"Different and very good!: I got hooked as soon as I picked up the book and was pleasantly surprised. It was very good and kept me reading, not wanting to put it down. It was nice for a change to not read about ""beautiful"" people who do everything right and have nothing but good things fall into their laps. Eva's story was more in line with the real world. I'm looking forward to reading the other books in the series.",
61424,__label__1,"No C++: This book is useless as a C++ reference. The front cover says that it ""Demonstrates ADO using VB, C++, J++ and scripting languages with ASP""What a load of bunk. There is very very little C++ and I could not look at myself in the mirror if I would have made that claim.",
61425,__label__2,"Simplify the simplified: I was ""blessed"" with having to write several custom apps to interface to Oracle, xBase and SQL Server. I have been LONGING for a unified way to get at diverse data since the early 1990's. OLE-DB Looked good, but it was nearly as complex as ODBC. At first, I thought that ADO didn't expose enough of the underlying technology to be useful, so I avoided it. BOY WAS I WRONG! This book walks through this under-documented topic in an easy-to-comprehend fashion that will make a believer out of you. And the performance is as good as, OR BETTER than ODBC! Thanks for making life a bit more bearable Mr. Sussman!",
61426,__label__2,"An excellent reference on ADO: I've been waiting for this book for more than 2 months, and it proved to be extremely useful and enlightening. Kudos go to an excellent organization of the book, examples and explanations that accompany every aspect of ActiveX Data Objects. Although on-line documentation is useful, this book is more user-friendly, and is worth its weight in gold.An additional bonus to the book are the chapters on Data Shaping and Performance, which provide excellent guidelines for ADO developent.",
61427,__label__1,What?: Whay are you promoting and trying to sell a book that is obsolete.ADO is at version 2.6 now. Promote the new book!,
61428,__label__2,Good book - not comprehensive: This is a good book. Authors have tried to present all the information related to ADO in nutshell. If you are looking for a reference book with little-little examples and how-to concepts then this is a good book.,
61429,__label__2,"An awesome book!: Wonderful reference on ADO programming. The author might as well have left out claims to support languages other than VB, since 99% of the examples are in VB. A great book to have at your workstation.",
61430,__label__2,"Excellent Reference for ASP Programmers: My thoughts fall in line with the Visual Basic programmers who have posted their opinions on this book. I do a lot of ASP development,and I have found that after reading Wrox's Professional Active Server Pages 2.0, I know most of what ASP can be used for. However, I do need a reference to look at when I am trying something new with recordsets. This is where this slim tome excels. It tells me what I need to know - but, it doesn't take up any more real estate on my desk than it needs to. Another excellent work from Wrox, my favorite publisher along with O'Reilly.",
61431,__label__1,"Might be accurate if you're only programming in VB: This book is absolutely useless if you're programming in anything other than visual basic. Even then, there's not much that couldn't be found in Microsoft's own Visual Basic tilted help pages.The book claims that the C++ code easily follows from the VB code examples. This is an outright lie. Function declarations are often ordered wrong or are typed incorrectly. When you do finally sort out the function calls, it's next to impossible to figure out how to pack the variants for ADO. Something this book goes into NO detail describing.For example, where the book says you can enter an index or bookmark (which is true in VB), it leaves out that you have to pack the number in the 8th reserved slot of the variant.Don't buy this book, search dejanews instead.",
61432,__label__1,Not a good book for C++ and Java programmers: Misleading advertising...cover states that there are Java and C++ examples--about two pages worth... The rest are in VB,
61433,__label__1,"Legends of Autumn Vol. IV Big Game America: I own the original Big Game America on VCR. Either this DVD was damaged, or NFL films significantly edited the original version. Significant parts of the show are not present. Very unhappy.",
61434,__label__2,"Pottstown Firebirds!!: I bought this simply for the NFL Films special on the Pottstown Firebirds from the early 70's. If you haven't seen this documentary, it's a must-see for all football fans. It's not listed on Amazon, or anywhere on the packaging, but it IS a part of this disc. I'm SO GLAD I found this. Thanks to the review from Jimmy Corcoran Jr, ""The King""'s son, who alerted us all that this documentary was part of this package. Excellent!!",
61435,__label__2,"Excellent Book: I thought Mr. Hampshire's book was invaluable. His research and data was excellent and very timely. I did think, though, that there were a few prejudices that were quite outdated. Specifically with regards to the amount of time it takes to get things done in Spain. The service industry in Spain is extremely prompt, accurate and courteous. It blows the UK service industry out of the water. There are a few other details that could use updating.",
61436,__label__2,Living and Working in Spain - D. Hampshire: I have been traveling to Spain for more than seven years and thought I knew everything - David has done his homework well - Excellent book and very informative! Buy it!,
61437,__label__1,"Lights out: Excerpt of your book: Even more important than a battery backup is a power surge protector for appliances such as TVs, computers and fax machines, without which you risk having equipment damaged or destroyed.Hi Mr. David, since 1995 I am living in Spain AND NEVER did I have problems of that kind. But yes I did when I was in US years ago.",
61438,__label__2,"The CD-ROM is very useful, worth of spending $$$!!: The ultimate programmer stocking stuffer, this book takes readers beyond what is found in other beginning-intermediate Perl books by providing more than 50 Perl scripts to do useful things, such as tricks with CGI, handling Palm data and using XML. CD-ROM is filled with more than 50 Perl scripts readers can download and use right away to do useful work.",
61439,__label__2,"The one that made me want to write ...: This is the book in middle school that made me want to write, which I do very successfully today. Written for younger readers, it does not patronize or preach, but respects young hearts and intelligence. Full of pathos and humor and action and a moral about acceptance, kindness and 'doing your own thing' - most of all about familial love, families both born and chosen. Simply and beautifully written, I found a hardbound copy on a bookfinder site many years ago and paid FAR too much for it, but it was special to me, and my sincere hope is that it finds a new audience in every young generation.",
61440,__label__2,"Should be required reading for fly fishing the suds!: Lou Tabory spells out every step and stage of how to fly fish in the salt for striped bass in this book! His writing is easily understandable and intelligent. He explains how to use the water to bring your flies to the fish, how to determine where the fish should be in many different types of water, which flies to choose in certain conditions and why, and he does all this is a manner that even a non-fly fisherman can understand!He also introduces you to his flies, all are simple, all are well thought out and very effective! I've been fly fishing the suds for 10 years now and have come to reply on more than a few of Mr. Tabory's patterns, they are simply ingenious! Like I said, should be required reading!",
61441,__label__2,tight lines: the book is full of useful information to enlighten the neophyte saltwater flyrodder. lou tabory is a legend and superb instructor. the transaction and service was perfect. thank you.,
61442,__label__2,"Not to be forgotten.: In studying history I have discovered that the more obscure places and people and stories are quite often the most interesting and memorable. This book offers many good examples. Few people know much about this region today. Fewer still know anything about it's history. But, the stories and history found in this book are a real treasure. For me, growing up in nearby Boise and having visited the Owyhee region on a few occasions made this book more appealing than it would for most others. But I believe anyone who has an interest in Western U.S. history will enjoy this book.",
61443,__label__1,Jordan Valley History: More local history packed in to one book than can be found in any other book. The chapter on Big Foot read very well.,
61444,__label__2,"Its the message dummy: I listened to this album and was pleased with the departure from garage band to a solo artist. I think that Mr. Keyes is a very talented individual and has a soulful rhythm that flows freely. It seems that there is more behind the man than just trying to sing a popular song. It occurred to me while listening to this album, that music is like storytelling in that it is about the story, or message in this case, not the empty lyrics spewed by some. Hopefully more people will be interested in listenting to this message.",
61445,__label__1,"Clearly written but predictable.: Picoult certainly raises valid questions, and she writes in a nice clear style. However, the plot to this book is made up of equal parts of ""Agnes of God"", ""Nell,"" ""Contact"" and a little-remembered suspense novel called ""Baby"". In other words, there's nothing new under the sun. If you liked this book, you might want to watch ""Agnes of God"" if you haven't seen it. It is a beautifully photographed and superbly acted film that handles the same themes and questions.",
61446,__label__1,"I hate this book: This book does not deserve the one star that was required to register my review. What a waste of the author's considerable training and access to readers. I was chocked at the gross negligeance with which the author delivers the information, ""But the wound on Faith's right side falls almost exactly where Jesus was supposedly nailed to the cross"".There are so many errors in logic, plot and characterizations that this book barely qualifies as a cheap B-class romance novel.What an insult her poor craftsmanship is to the thinking adult reader. In spite of a creative and original concept and intriguing topic, this book is rubbish. Pure and simple trash.",
61447,__label__1,"Born on a Blue Day: Well written but a very confusing book - I guess that's what autism is about and why we don't understand austistic people. I didn't particularly care for the book, but it was well written.",
61448,__label__1,"Disappointing: Not at all what I expected. The writer then made an ""off the wall"" comment about Kansas. Perhaps she has never been here? Kansas is beautiful, and also the people. I hope you tell her.",
61449,__label__2,Keeping Faith: I generally like Jodi Picoult. This one was pretty good but I've read some I liked a lot better. She is a good writer and writes about characters that you feel you have some empathy with and others not so much. This one stretches the imagination in the spiritual realm. I had to keep telling myself it was just a fanciful story from the figment of Picoult's imagination. At the same time it has something to say about children caught in the middle between parents in divorce.,
61450,__label__2,"A Crossover: Although it was definitely a book of fiction, there were parts that came very close to having me believe I was reading a research document.As with many other Picoult books I have read, she never lost my attention. So many different elements but she brought them together beautifully.",
61451,__label__1,KEEPING FAITH: I DID NOT LIKE THE STORY LINE - IT SEEMED WAY OUT THERE AND DID NOT KEEP MY INTEREST. IT IS THE ONLY JODI PICCOULT BOOK I HAVE NOT ENJOYED,
61452,__label__1,"Accidental Download. (Still billed for it though!!): I didn't read this book. I downloaded it accidentally and erased it immediately.Consequently I have no idea of its content or plot and no opinion on its literary merit.I do, however, have an opinion on Amazon billing and charging me for an item i did not retain.",
61453,__label__2,INTERESTING THEME: Jodi Picoult always keeps you spellbound. A s usual you are intriqued to continue reading. Is the story a sham or the truth. Read on until the end so you can find out,
61454,__label__2,Faith: Faith is everywhere even when you don't know you have it. Love of your mother is endless and strong and protective. Very Awesome story a must read to test your Faith.,
61455,__label__2,"Keeping Faith by Jodi Picoult: This book was one of the most interesting books I have read in a long time. I am a Christian and it really had me questioning many things along the way. Agonizing over the little girls suffering so many times,but what a beautiful ending. I have talked about this book to my friends and have recomended that they read it'",
61456,__label__2,"Giving Hope: Like many of Picoult's books, the plot was engaging and the writting outstanding. Picoult brings many of the characters to life, all the while keeping the reader guessing who is the bad guy, who is the good guy. Loved it.",
61457,__label__2,"Great Read: Great read! I absolutely love Jodi Picoult books, very enticing! Some of the text was a bit unnecessary, but for the most part it was a good read.",
61458,__label__2,"Really enjoyed, great holiday read.: Another well written book by Jodi, hard to put down. If you are a fan of Jodi you will really enjoy this book.",
61459,__label__2,To believe or not to believe . . . . . .: Jodi Picoult has an uncanny way of showing there absolutely are two sides to every debate. Her characters are strong and pique your interest with their points of view.,
61460,__label__1,"When I first starting to read the book: When I first started the book I really enjoyed. To much repeating, and it took to long to get point across.",
61461,__label__2,"Faith: I liked the different stories and views within the main story. Although the book has a religious tone to it, no religion is deemed right or wrong. There were a few parts were I had a difficult time staying interested- predictable or repetitive. Overall, good book.",
61462,__label__2,"Will be sharing KEEPING FAITH with all I know: I have never read any of Jodi Picoult's books. If the others are like this one, I will read them all!Not only did she keep my interest in the story line, she made me think and reflect upon my own faith.",
61463,__label__2,"Very entertaining!: The content of the book was unusual and not one that is normally dealth with in fiction, as God and religion don't make light reading, but this kept me interested and questioning until the end.",
61464,__label__2,"AMAZING AUTHOR AND STORY: I have read several of Jodi Picoults books, each one is different and reflects on what a great writer she is. One of the things I like the most about reading her books they do not go into a long detail but gets right to the point. It will be a sad day for for me when I have read them all.",
61465,__label__2,"A Faithful Novel: Keeping Faith is a magnificent novel for teens or adults that keeps you thinking to the very end. It's a book that you absolutely just can't put down. It keeps you interested from cover to cover. The main character, Faith, begins to believe that God is communicating with her. Jodi Picoult's imagery that she has created in this novel is absolutely amazing. It makes feel like you know Faith and her family. Faith trys to convince everyone around her that she really is talking to God. She keeps her composure while dealing with her mom's depression after catching her husband in the act of an affair for the second time. The characters come alive in this marvelous book, and it's almost like you can feel what their feeling and what they're going through. It's truly a fantastic book that can convince anyone that when times get hard, to just ""keep faith.""",
61466,__label__2,"Picoult is a fine storyteller: There are those authors that are fine writers and those that are fine storytellers. It's always a pleasure to come across an author that is endowed with both gifts. Keeping Faith is a highly readable, thought provoking look at religious dogma, family secrets and modern relationships. What would you choose to believe if confronted with the unexplainable? Can true religious miracles exist in this age of doubt? Picoult does not try to steer us in any one direction, just poses the questions and provides the fodder for thought and discussion. For that she gets 4.5 stars. My only negative comment pertains to the point of view, which jumps between a third person and first person narrative. I often found it confusing and rather offputting and would have preferred a consistent type of narration.",
61467,__label__2,"Incredible read: Picoult has done it again! I thought Mercy could not be topped...Mariah and her daughter Faith find their husband/father with another woman, sending both mother and daughter into a retreat of their own sort. Mariah reacted like most women; Faith, however, starts to see a ""guard"", later to be called God. And from there, the story unfolds. Faith becomes a religious icon to some, a pawn in her mother's tactics to others, and plain fraud to the rest.As this story unfolds, I had a sure idea of what was to be found. But as chapters were read, I started to second guess myself. What really was happening? I could wait to get to the end, and when I did, I was still a bit surprised and even a little confused!Put this on your list of Picoult must reads.",
61468,__label__2,Jodi Picoult Rocks: I just have to say that Jodi Picoult is one of the best authors I have ever read! Her writing style is perfect! I'm afraid I'll buzz through all of her books and won't have anything left to read!! I just found her books a couple of months ago and have already read 4 of them!!,
61469,__label__1,"Not Picoult's Best: I'll start this review by saying, like many other reviewers, I am a big Jodi Picoult fan. I have read about 7 of her books, and I just finished Keeping Faith. Normally, Picoult writes a captivating story that keeps me enthralled. But with this one, I was turning the pages just to get through it. I found the characters unlikeable, except for little Faith, and the story never really went anywhere. Most of the middle section of the book was unnecessary, as well as the random forays into the stories of a multitude of minor characters, including numerous religious clergy and a guardian ad litem we barely got to know. The story didn't get interesting until the last third, and the ending was a big let down. If you are a Jodi Picoult fan, I suggest skipping this one. She has far better books that will keep you wildly entertained, such as Nineteen Minutes, My Sister's Keeper, Plain Truth, and Second Glance.",
61470,__label__2,"My favorite Jodi Picoult book, MUST READ!: I am not a religious person at all, but this book is great.You will really connect with Faith and her mother.You can really tell Jodi Picoult did her research on this book.I would add SO much more but I don't want to give anything away!",
61471,__label__2,One of my favorites: One of my favorite picoult books. Everyone should read whether a religious person or not. Has controversial ideals that makes you think and question the world.,
61472,__label__2,"A Great Exploration of Faith: Jodi Picoult has another winner in KEEPING FAITH. I have read many of Ms. Picoult's books and I appreciate her rich writing style and her willingness to explore difficult issues and how regular people face them.In this novel, she explores the topic of faith - both faith in God and faith in the people we love. It was really ambitious to delve into the religious concepts she addresses here - a young girl starts to speak with God, who appears to her as a woman, and the girl both experiences the elements of religious ecstasy, including stigmata, and becomes a healer. Picoult handles all of these topics with respect, and she encourages the reader to come along on the journey of questioning, doubt, and eventually, faith.Setting these religious questions against the backdrop of a divorce and custody battle, Picoult grounds the story in the real drama and turmoil of a family. Ultimately, it is that love of a family that restores everyone's faith in eac",other.
61473,__label__1,"Didn't really care for this book.: This book is interesting enough to keep your attention and keep you reading, but I was really dissappointed in the book, and wished I hadn't wasted my time reading it. It has some okay moments, but it's very sad and depressing. Some of the events that happen in the book, the author just didn't follow thru giving you more information about, just leaves it, and you're left wondering what happened after that. The ending I hated. I read the last two pages 3 or 4 times, and never really figured out what it said. The book was a good idea, but guess the author isn't very good. I do not recommend anyone reading this book.",
61474,__label__1,"Couldn't finish it: First let me say this was my first exposure to Jodi Picoult, so maybe her authorship of many novels may imply talent, I can't comment beyond this book. That said, this was one of the few ""novels"" I was always reluctant to resume and ultimately abandoned halfway through. In addition to another reviewer's comments on shifting POV (for what reason?, I couldn't come to terms with it), unrealistic characters, and soap-opera-type scenes, it was jarring to come across a lack of basic writing skills in some passages. ""Pop lit"" came to mind immediately, and while I tried to finish this book loaned by a friend, I found it an irritating endeavor. Despite some popularity, I'm not likely to pick up another Picoult book.",
61475,__label__1,"Disapointing read: I had several recomendations for this book and was anxious to read it. I was disapointed in the writing and the progression of the story. I found the story compelling in the beginning, but it lagged in the middle and turned too much into a ridiculous romance and less about the relationship between the mother and child. In the beginning, the mother was insecure, unsure of herself in her marriage and in her role of a mother...She was real and I related to her insecurities. However, as the book progressed and the more confident she became the less interesting and the less real she and the book became. I felt the character development was lacking and created an enviornment that I didn't really care about most of the characters, anyway. Finally, the medical information was innacurate, it could have easily come off a TV medical drama. I did find the concept to be interesting and it was a quick read.",
61476,__label__2,"A definite page-turner: A friend chose Jodi Picoult's novel for our most recent book club. It honestly took me about 75 pages to get into this book, but once I settled in -- I had a hard time putting it down. I had never read anything like this book -- stigmata, a female God, etc. -- and it instantly intrigued me. I liked the concept of a mother believing in her child, no matter what. That unconditional love and support was what made me finish the book in one night. I would definitely read another book by this author!",
61477,__label__2,One of my favorite authors: I was not disappointed in yet another Jodi read. The book took me on an enjoyable journey. Looking forward to more.,
61478,__label__1,"Too Farfetched: I usually like Picoult's works, but I did not like this one. Too hard to swallow. Please stop w/ the word requirements.",
61479,__label__2,Great read: I love Jodi Picoult - once again she chose a really interesting subject and wrote compellingly. I found Keeping Faith had to put down.,
61480,__label__2,"Definitely worth the read: This is my second book by Jodi Picoult, The Pact being my first. Although I didn't find it as amazing as The Pact (one of my all time favorites), I couldn't put it down and really felt like the character development was so strong. I couldn't wait to see what happened and I felt like I could really understand what the characters were feeling. As someone else mentioned in a review, I was always questioning different characters throughout...the book kept me guessing. However, I have to say I was a bit confused by the end and was disappointed that I felt like I didn't really know what happened.I feel this book is well worth reading. It was not my first Picoult novel and it definitely won't be my last.",
61481,__label__1,"Frustrating: I was really looking forward to this novel because the storyline really intrigued me. However, I couldn't get past 100 pages and even those were a huge chore. Picoult's writing was unimpressive. Her characters and dialogue were plastic. The situations were overwhelmingly derivative and farcical. I have no problem becoming immersed in another world or believing the unbelievable when directed by a capable author. In other hands, this could have been a great story. But with Picoult, there was no getting past the fact that this was fiction, and poorly written at that. Truly disappointing.",
61482,__label__1,"Please stop telling people the whole book when you review it: I was going to buy this book, but after reading the reviews I have lost interest. God people are you really readers? No one wants to know what's in the book before they buy it. You guys review the book by telling most of the story.",
61483,__label__1,"Disappointed: I too was very disappointed by this book. Having read this author previously and enjoyed her books, I thought this one would be an interesting and enlightening read. No way. The story was flat. The romance reeked of romance novels (really, his hair was like a raven wing?). I was truly offended by that stuff. I wondered if we were experiencing a ghost writer and Miss Jodi has just become too successful.",
61484,__label__2,"A Touching Story!: Jodi Picoult is at her best in this novel about a mother's love for her child; a love that allows for the stretching of the heart, the mind, and the spirit. Faith is a young character who glimmers off the pages, and who brings new hopes and challenges for her single mother. The novel is also a reflection of the media-filled society we live in today, and offers poignant insights into the lives of so many people who appear on our news channels. A definite must-read for mothers, daughters and those who are looking to stretch their ideas on spirituality.",
61485,__label__2,"Thought provoking with awesome characters: Jodi has quickly become one of my favorite authors. My teenage daughters introduced her books to me last summer and I have been devouring the books as fast as I can get my hands on them ever since. It is generally very hard for me to get into a new book but I have loved every one of them so far and this is one of my favorites. With the exception of the last page of this book, which is rather confusing, this book is full of rich characters and a wonderful story line that will keep you turning the pages wanting to learn more.",
61486,__label__2,"Clever title; provocative theme: ""Keeping Faith"" is a quick read that makes you think.The characters are interesting and not especially predictable. For example, Mariah White, mother of Faith, starts out as rather pathetic and annoying but comes into her own as the story progresses.There are themes of religion, custody, divorce and relationships that are developed and researched well and are not treated redundantly. The story forces the reader to think about various ""what ifs"" especially religious ""what ifs.""What I liked best about this book is that it is not a rehash of ideas; I enjoyed it.",
61487,__label__1,"Wow.: Imagine Tim LaHaye and Jerry Jenkins, watering down their startlingly conservative theology so as to make even less cogent points than in their best-selling Left Behind series. Then collaborating with the Lifetime Network to crank out 400 pages directed toward the lowest common denominator of American readers. This book hurts.",
61488,__label__2,"Challenging, unusual topic -- a page-turner.: I just discovered Jodi Picoult a few weeks ago -- read ""The Pact"" and then this one. While both were completely enjoyable, ""The Pact"" was a better, tighter story, I think. But I admire Picoult's willingness to jump into tough, controversial topics. I also enjoy her courtroom scenes a lot. One nit-pick with this story -- she has a 50-ish character recollecting how frightening Orsen Welles' ""War of the Worlds"" was for her and her husband. This is impossible because that radio broadcast was way back in 1938. It bothers me that an error this large made it by the editors. (Told you it was a nit-pick!)",
61489,__label__1,"tedious: The only Jodi Picoult book I've been unable to finish. It went back and forth and back and forth about the differences between the Catholic and Jewish faiths until I just shut the Kindle off and said ""enough""",
61490,__label__2,"excellent storyteller: I have recommended Keeping Faith to classes of adult students for its intriguing mix of current family dynamics, spiritual possibilities, and problem solving strategies. Ms. Picoult fascinates me and my students with real life characters who could be neighbors, but who experience life in ways that push the imagination. No problems getting assignments finished - everyone is spellbound and full of questions and opinions.",
61491,__label__2,"inspirational: This is a book that reminds us that the age-old question of ""Does God exist?"" cannot be determined by scientific method or measureable data. It relies on the faith of an individual, and sometimes faith enters when one realizes the consequences of NOT accepting by faith.",
61492,__label__2,Keeping Faith: I liked this story. It didn't go too overboard on the miracles but gave enough to help the reader keep his/her own faith. The characters were believable and likable.,
61493,__label__2,"Keeping Faith: I thoroughly enjoyed Keeping Faith,right up there with Jodi Picoult's previous high standard,this kept me, glued to my Nexus tablet to the final word.This is the first time I've read an eBook, and I'm hooked.Thanks Amazon.",
61494,__label__2,"Sweet!: This is such is sweet story.It is an intense story and slightly controversal topic like Picolt's other books, but has a lighter tone.I highly recommend it. It is one of the best and is also a good one for readers interesting in Picoult and wanting a feel of her writing style and story lines.Check it out, give it a read. Perfect any time and a great gift for Picoult and read lovers!",
61495,__label__1,Nonbeliever Cannot Enjoy: I usually like Jodi Picoult novels although they tend to be predictable/similar to one another. This one actually wasn't because the ending made no sense. I've never written an amazon review before of a product but decided to review this book because it pissed me off so much. The ending is absolutely terrible. The book was pretty boring throughout and way longer than it needed to be but I kept waiting to get to the end so I'd finally understand why all this was happening. She explains nothing. It was so stupid. Waste of money.,
61496,__label__2,KEEPING Faith: Once again Jodi Picoult draws you into the story within the first few pages. The characters grab you and her story line once again is intriguing. A really good read.,
61497,__label__2,Another good one: I can't get enough of Jodi Picoult!!! You think you know where it's going but then she changes it up. Highly recommend this one!!,
61498,__label__1,Could not get through this book.: Gave up half way through this book after trying very hard to finish. I thought the mom was a whiner and the wanted more insight from the daughter and father. It fell flat too early for me to get to the end.,
61499,__label__2,"Couldn't stop reading: This whole book had me waiting to get off work or skip a meal so that I could read just one more page. The one thing I question about it though is; why did the priests and fathers never have a huge role in the end? They didn't come up in the case, or do anything really for me. Besides that, another book to keep me waiting for more",
61500,__label__2,"Addictive!: I couldn't put this book down. I loved it! Picoult did a wonderful job of making sure you felt like you HAD to know what happened next.This book really makes you think about God and peoples relationships with God. Something that is rarely done in modern literature.The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the ending leaves you second guessing as to what you just read and how you precieved the book up until that point. Which, depending on the person, could make it a better read or leave you confused.",
61501,__label__2,"Awesome: I truly love reading Jodi Picoult, another wonderful read!! I am always looking for good books to read and I am always happy to buy one of her books because I know I will never be let down!!",
61502,__label__2,"Great book - will recommend!: What a fabulous book, I enjoyed reading each and every page. It's stories like this that change the way you think forever. Great charactors, great writing, great story, GREAT BOOK!!!",
61503,__label__2,"Interesting Book: I thought this was an interesting book that provided some deep thought about religion today in our society. It is worth reading. Not the best book that I ever read, but definitely better than most of the other lighter books that I have read this summer.",
61504,__label__2,Good suprise: Very good read. I would reccomend to anyone wanting to read. It kept me interested from the start. A must read for all Jodi Picoult readers.,
61505,__label__2,"One of those you will not be able to put down: I was riveted by this book. I imagine it will do the same for many people especially if they are more religious than I. I think the best part was the end, I actually kind of sat there a few minutes to really absorb it. I loved her other books but this is my favorite so far.",
61506,__label__2,Keeping Faith: I liked this book very much and have already recommended to friends who like to read Jodi Picoult...We have even discussed the ending and came to two different conclusions.,
61507,__label__2,"fictional exploration of miracles and family love that rings true: Jodi Picoult fearlessly chooses the most difficult topics for her marvelously moving fiction. This time it's miracles, visions, mental illness, broken families, and charlatans of several stripes. Seven-year-old Faith talks with God and casually, even unwittingly, heals the sick. Her fragile mother, intensely loyal grandmother, and puzzled, wandering, but loving father all try to make sense of Faith's experiences and of the media frenzy that follows her, even as they tiptoe through the legal minefield of custody hearings. Picoult deals with the clergy, the TV hosts, and the egocentric lawyers with a deft hand as she gently unwinds the truth that is the foundation of this family's love. One of the best,in a field of excellent novels taking on tough subjects.",
61508,__label__2,"Faith, No one can take that from you: This book was my first introduction to this author, but not my last.From the momen that I opened this book, I opened my mind. i found myself imagining as a parent what I would do if my 7yo daughter told me that GOD was talking to her. I would like to think that I would beleive her and do whatever i could to protect her.This Mother did just that in the process learned some things from her daughter. It is a must read",
61509,__label__2,"Fascinating: It really makes you think about what could possibly be happening to this girl... and challenges what your belief is in Faith as a religion, or Faith wrapped up in this little girl.",
61510,__label__2,Loved this book: I love this story. Couldn't wait for the evening to lay in bed and read the next chapter of the book!,
61511,__label__2,"An emotional and engrossing read.: Once again Jodi Picoult brings us a messy moral dilemma backed up with meticulous research that will keep you glued to your seat, tense one minute and feeling tear jerker tender the next.The story revolves around Faith, Mariah White's daughter, who begins to confide in an imaginary friend and to perform miracles. She says she can see a beautiful woman who is protecting her and who is full of light and makes her feel safe. Is she speaking with God?The situation spirals beyond Mariah's control, having the media stationed in front of her house and fighting over Faith's custody with her unfaithful and selfish ex husband.One begins to question if Faith is truly a case of a girl with Stigmata or just a troubled little girl seeking refuge from her parents'divorce?When it comes to matters of faith and religion, it's hard to know who to believe and this book will have you hooked until it's final pages.",
61512,__label__2,"Jodi Picoult - Keeping Faith - A must Read: Jodi Picoult delivers - again. This book is fabulous and is a true page turner. While it is not as good as My Sister's Keeper or Nineteen Minutes - or her latest, Handle With Care, it is (in my opinion), a fantastic read. I continued to ponder some of the trademark questions that reading Picoult's books always create in me. Her books force readers to consider both sides of events, no matter how certain we are of our initial opinions and views.",
61513,__label__2,KEEPING FAITH: JODI PICOULT ALWAYS WRITES A GOOD STORY. YOU ARE KEEP IN SUSPENCE THROUGHOUT HER NOVEL. I LOOK FORWARD TO HER NEXT BOOK.,
61514,__label__2,"love jodi: i love jodi picoult's writing. they are suspenseful, easy to follow and almost all have been unpredictable until the end.",
61515,__label__1,Not that great: This is not one of Jodi's better books. It is a little strange for my taste. I didn't even finish it.,
61516,__label__1,"Spoiler Alert:Large Print!!!: I didn't read the fine print that this book is large print. So when I received it I saw the large print and sent it back to Amazon. Definitely be aware that this book has LARGE PRINT, if you want this book in large print great, if not don't buy it. I wasn't critical enough of the heading for this book and got what I deserved which was this book in large print. Never again, I'll check to make sure that the book that I want to buy is normal print and not extra large print like this is.",
61517,__label__1,"keeping faith by jodi picoult: I found this a tedious read, with an unbelievable story line..Perhaps Jodi Picoult is not for me although it is the second book of hers which I have tried.",
61518,__label__1,sort of disappointed: I did finish it and I love Jodi Picoult's books. But this one was not a subject matter I could get into.,
61519,__label__2,Excellent: It was hard to put the book down once I started reading it. I really enjoyed the way that the story flowed. Very well written.,
61520,__label__2,Keeping faith: This was a very well written story. It kept my interest and I would recommend it. It explained many different aspects of several religions.,
61521,__label__1,Keeping faith: Not one of her better books...hard to keep reading did not enjoy this book at all..not even worth the $2.99 I paid for it,
61522,__label__1,"Not her best by far: I usually love Ms. Pocoult's books but though well written, the storyline was weak, the ending a big yawn. I hope she was just experimenting with this subject matter and it doesn't happen again.",
61523,__label__2,Great Read: Once again she's done it. I was very sorry when it ended!!! She dealt with a very difficult subject and made it very understandable. Awesome!,
61524,__label__2,A Page Turner: Keeping Faith is an Interesting and well written book by Ms. Picoult.It held my attention and I reviewed it for my book club,
61525,__label__2,Keeping Faith by Jodi Picoult: This is the second book I have read by Jodi Picoult and she is rapidly becoming one of my favorite authors. I appreciate the Author's skill with words and her ability to make me think of contrasting ideas or beliefs.,
61526,__label__1,Saved by the end: Jodi is my favorite author but this was not my favorite book. Normally I can't put her books down but this one was different....it is still a decent book the last few chapters had me hooked. But it as mostly a very slow read,
61527,__label__1,"Did not like any of the characters: I felt the main character was too whiny and her ex is too self absorbed, just couldn't connect with any of them. I will try another of her books though as she does write well. I know that sounds like a contradiction but I can see her talent, just didn't like her characters.",
61528,__label__2,A good read: The strength of a mothers love cannot be denied. Be protective of your children no matter what others may say.,
61529,__label__2,Keeping Faith: Jodi Picoult once again tells a story you don't want to put down. This is a very different subject with a twist of religion attached. All moms might want to read this as it gives us faith in ourselves and raising children.,
61530,__label__1,starfire37: This story was a bit too far off the wall for me. It did not hold my interest and I felt as though I was struggling to keep reading.,
61531,__label__2,"Keeping Faith: Keeping Faith was a story that at times brought tears to my eyes and at others showed the good in all involved. As the story developed, I was drawn to keep reading. Faith, a young girl, is in the middle of a divorce when she seems to be hearing and talking to an imaginary friend. This develops into much more as Faith is involved in situations where people are healed if only for a while. It is how all adults around her deal with Faith that makes this such an interesting read. I would recommend it.",
61532,__label__2,"Great Read!: I loved this book, couldn't stop reading it. It was a wonderful story about a mother's love and the length's she would go to protect her child in spite of what the world view her as. It also threw curveballs in there about religion, adultery, tragedy, and finding new love. Highly recommend this read!",
61533,__label__2,"Much more than anticipated !: This book turned out to be such a pleasant surprise. I went into this book totally blind, I hadn't read any of Jodi Picoult's books, let alone one of this subject matter. I downloaded the sample of the book onto my kindle and as soon as finishing it ordered the book immediately. Jodi told the story so beautifully I had to believe it. I have recommended this book to many of my friends. Very touching and hard to forget.",
61534,__label__2,Keeping Faith: Interesting unusual book but true to Jodi Picoult`s form of writing.Keeps you in suspense but the ending leaves you hanging and I would have preferred a definite ending not for it to be left to my imagination.However I would definitely encourage you to read this book if you love to get into a book and not be able to put it down.,
61535,__label__1,Hard to follow .: i STARTED THIS BOOK ABOUT 6 TIMES. i LOVE jODY'S BOOKS BUT THIS ONE CONFUSED ME. I HAD TO GO BACK TO THE BEGINING TO FIGURE OUT WHO WAS WHO AND WHERE THEY WERE. i HOPE THE NEXT BOOK BY JODY IS CLEARER. I ENJOYED THE TOPIC AND THE LITTLE GIRL.,
61536,__label__2,"An Excellent Large Print Book!: It is always so difficult to find inspirational large print books. Keeping Faith: A Novel is one of them. The author makes us care from page one. The young female character is believable and vulnerable and honestly written. Other large print books I enjoy include ""Christmas Cowboys, Mistletoe Diner and Other Short Stories(Large Print)"", both books have romance, heart and spirituality.",
61537,__label__1,"I love Jodi Picoult's writing: I was a little disappointed at the ending, after going through all Faith's problems that there wasn't a explanation for her bleeding hands.",
61538,__label__2,Keeping Faith: Wonderful book! I love that Picoult does research on books before she publishes them. I can always count on a factual read.,
61539,__label__2,"Worthwhile read: Although I thought the plot is somewhat contrived, this book examines interesting issues about child custody, the influence of media, questions of faith, and mental illness.",
61540,__label__2,"Great story except for the ending: I loved the story and all the complicated plots and viewpoints. Very well written and really took me on an emotional and spiritual journey. The last few pages were really disappointing. The ending could have been so much more profound and satisfying. Oh well, still an enjoyable and thought provoking read.",
61541,__label__2,Hard to put down: I'm a big fan of this author. I believe this is one of her first books. I had a hard time putting it down just like all the others.,
61542,__label__1,"too many unexplained events: I am glad that this was not the first Jody Picoult book that I have read - not sure I would have continued with her others...I have loved most of her other books that I have read. However, I felt that Keeping Faith left too many unanswered questions which made the events in the book unbelievable. The ending was very disappointing - it did not bring anything to closure, nor did it lead you to make any of your own conclusions.Sorry to say that this book was a let-down for me.",
61543,__label__1,"Very disappointing: I was very disappointed in this book. It is not up to the level of Jodi Piccoult's other novels. The storyline lacked believablity, the writing was poor, some of the characters were either cardboard cutouts or unrealistic (and one in particular was lifted from The Rainman), and the book needed serious editing. After the first 100 pages, I skipped large chunks in a valiant effort to reach the end. If I hadn't already read many of Jodi Picoult's other novels before this one, I would have thought she was a bad author. She didn't do herself justice with this one. She is capable of a lot more.",
61544,__label__2,"Excellent Book: I wasn't sure that I would like this book when I first picked it up. I am not a very religious person, and religion is a big part of this book. But then I started reading it. I like all of Jodi Picoult's books, but this was one of my favorites. I would recommend it to anyone, and have already to a few people!",
61545,__label__2,"Great book: It's one of the best, I simply cannot stop reading. Touching and thought provoking as we'll. I love the book.",
61546,__label__1,"American drivel: I regret buying this book for my E -reader. I have read Jodi Picoult books before and enjoyed them, but this book was a lot of drivel. A most unlikely story with touches of Mills and Boon. A boring and unlikely plot which may be attractive to people believing in psychics, angels and the like, but I found it almost impossible to finish.",
61547,__label__2,"Good, but not her best: As a huge Jodi Piccoult fan, I was a little disappointed in this book. There was not the suspense that most of her novels involve and there was no surprise ending. It was well written, as usual, but it just wasn't my favorite.",
61548,__label__2,"LOVED THIS Book!: This is a great read. If you enjoy Elizabeth Berg or Anita Shreve's books, you will LOVE this author.I felt that this book was very well written, it was insightful, funny, and painful at times. It held my interest for the entire book - no dull chapters or lapses.The storyline is about a little girl who is able to talk to God and it's told from her mother's perspective. The story is about so much more - how it affects her family, the media circus that ensues, and the power of love. It's really a complex plot but it's so well written, it just flows.",
61549,__label__2,"A Young Girl Speaks to God: This book is well-written and a page-turner. It is also about a controversial subject as are most of the Jodi Picoult books I have read.Faith is a little girl who has been recently traumatized by her parents' divorce. She begins to talk to her 'guard', has visible stigmata and can bring the dead back to life. Even those who are disbelievers, believe that Faith is the real thing. The characterizations of Faith, her father, her mother, her grandmother, etc. are all very well done.The plot is interesting and tantalizing. This book has several sub-plots. The one I enjoyed most was the one about the mother's love interest. The book offers a lot of food for thought and is not one you'll soon forget.I highly recommend this book. However, don't start reading it right before you go to bed because it is a real page-turner and you're likely to be up all night!",
61550,__label__2,"Picoult is excellent: Picoult is an excellent writer and develops her characters better than anyone I've ever read. The story moves quickly, and is fiercely entertaining. This book makes you think, and wonder, and question. Picoult has a gift for picking these types of topics. Her books are long, but she researches her subjects well to give you a full taste of the topic, but she lets you make your own mind up. The book is redeming and you fall in love with Faith, and all the main characters. The ending builds quickly and then at the end you are left with questions. I am not fan of that, I like to know what the author is trying to tell me, especially when I am that commited to a book (long). I still think her book My Sisters Keeper is better, but it's a masterpiece.Read that one first if you have not. Keeping Faith is definitely worth while if not just for the beautiful writing of Picoult, but also for the journey she takes you on.",
61551,__label__2,"Jodi Picoult Never Grows Stale: Jodi Picoult must love a challenge. This is an unusual book that deals with the issue of divine religious visitations, stigmata and miracles through the experience of a young girl after her parents divorce. Picoult understands the complicated relationship between parents and their children as deftly illustrated through Mariah White after her marriage disintegrates, and she is caught up in a media circus with her daughter. Picoult tackles a hot button topic with journalistic integrity; but still manages to weave a credible and believable fictional narrative. I look forward to reading her next thought provoking offering.",
61552,__label__2,Keeping Faith: Jodi Picoult is one of the finest authors of our time. This book like all of her books keeps you interested from first to last page. Her research must be time consuming but certainly adds to the essence of her books. A wonderful read!,
61553,__label__1,"I DID NOT LIKE THIS BOOK - Audiobook.: You can read other reviews for the plot.What an awful book.I should have known when I was reading it that something completely outlandish was going to happen toward the end.I didn't even enjoy the book, just kept thinking it could get better.",
61554,__label__2,Loved it: I have read all of Jodi's books and this one is one of my Top 3 Favorites. She knows how to bring you into a book and relate. I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone.,
61555,__label__2,"A Robyn Carr great novel.: Loved this book, Robyn Carr writes so well, develops her characters so you just want the book to keep on going.",
61556,__label__2,"THE WEDDING PARTY-ROPBYN CARR: ROBYN CARR, AS ALWAYS, DOES A GREAT JOB OF MAKING THE STORY FUN TO READ AND REALISTIC. THIS BOOK COULD SO EASILY HAPPEN AND THATS WHAT MAKES IT FUN TO READ. THANKS ROBYN - LOVE YOUR WORK",
61557,__label__1,"just not all that enjoyable: I bought this book on my kindle, and all I can really say is that I am glad that I didnt pay full book price for it. I have had this book for over a month and I have yet to get past the 5th chapter",
61558,__label__2,BarbieLynne: A surprise book! This book was just too good to put down-or should I say turn off! Her strong characters abound and I loved the ending! Keep 'em coming Robyn!,
61559,__label__2,"good: boyz ii men are good, this is a good album, buy it if you don't have the other ones, cause all the songs are off the old ones, no, buy the old ones instead, this is a sad attempt at a greatestr hits to cash in on the asian market in asia, which is a market yet to be attempted, as of yet, in asia, which is why this is an import, so only good for asian people, living in asia, in the asian market which hasn''t been saurated with boyz ii men, in asia, because they aren't from asia, so the asian market has yet to be tested and now they are testing it with this cheap untested collection of songs which the asian people in their untested environment will not be able to understand, in their environment because they don't speak english, and they are in asia.",
61560,__label__1,Very poor quality makes is practically useless.: Dont waste your money on this product. Very poor voice quality.,
61561,__label__1,"Poorly Wriiten book: I do not recommend this book at all. It is poorly written with a lot of errors and with no continuity from topic to topic. The descriptions about methods in the book are not useful at all. The book is apparently a verbatim copy of JAVA programming with CORBA. The authors did not even have the respect to the reader to replace the word JAVA by C++, in a number of places the book talks about JAVA. I do not recommend this book at all. I hope the editors at Wiley pay more attention to the books they send to the printing press. The time I spend reading this book was a total waste not to mention the money I paid.",
61562,__label__1,Not the greatest: I'm a novice at CORBA and this book didn't prep me properly. Examples seemed to be Java examples ported over to C++. It was more of a reference than a learning tool. I've looked over the CORBA spec and a lot of the material from the spec is in the book almost verbatim.,
61563,__label__1,"disappointed: I wanted to learn corba with this book but I realized that I have to rely on other sources to learn about it. This book contains excerpts from a book about corba with java and not c++, where the reference to java was not even removed and replaced by c++. Furthermore even as the unexperienced reader in corba I found many mistakes in this book regarding object and function definitions.",
61564,__label__1,"Very poor. Badly organized and full of errors.: Rather disappointing and sloppy effort. There is no coherent thread that would explain things in a methodical fashion. Instead, things are used before they are explained, and quite a bit of knowledge is assumed. Definitely not for the beginner and, even then, hard to follow. Numerous mistakes in the code examples, including code that does not compile or leaks memory. A strange mixture of POA and BOA code, without clear delineation of which is which, and much of the C++ mapping is missing",
61565,__label__2,Great Product: I have had four cases for my ipod and this one is the best. Although the front and back plastic shields do scratch fairly easily the rubber sides protect the ipod when it is dropped.,
61566,__label__1,"Easily damaged.: I had high hopes for this case but when I put it on my belt and walked around the house, I accidently bumped lightly against a bookcase and it cracked. I was surprised since I barely brushed the bookcase. I called Contour Design and they had me send it back to them but they determined it was not a warranty issue and will not replace or fix it. While the case did protect my iPod, I would not recommend it since it is too easily scratched or cracked. Get a case that has some flexibility to it and from a company that will stand by their product.",
61567,__label__1,Don't go for it....: You can't use it with iTrip.. You have to remove your iPod out of the case everytime you want to use iTrip. :(Hence it is as good as not having the case at all...,
61568,__label__1,Wait before you buy....: The case is fine however you have to remove your IPod in order to use ITALK or ITUNES. Why even bother.,
61569,__label__2,"Black Contour Showcase: This is a great way to keep your iPod safe if you are someone who tends to drop things. This case will keep your iPod safe when you drop it. Also, scratches are prevented because all of your iPod is inside of the case, except the wheel. I have a 20G iPod, so there are pads to go on the bottom of the case to make sure that your iPod is tightly inside. There is a guide that tells you which removable pad to put in for what iPod. I heard about this from a friend, and I would highly suggest getting one. However, do not get a white Showcase because it easily gets dirty, and the dirt will not come of, as many other people have said. Overall, this is an excellent place to keep your iPod and even has a detacthable belt clip.",
61570,__label__2,Solid Built: I have been using this case since I first got my iPod 2 years ago. It survived many backpacking trips and other travels with no problem. I dropped my iPod a few times (unintentionally) in this case and both the case and my iPod are still good... I will need to invent another excuse to justify a new iPod.,
61571,__label__2,Awesome!!!!: this is an awesome case! its durable and it really protects the ipod. also fits well in pockets for its size because its on the larger side but still a great great product!!!,
61572,__label__2,"Great Investmen: I purchased this case about a month ago, and I really like it. It really help protect your Ipod. I threw it my tote bag along with my car keys and not one scratch. This has to be the most used and best item i have purchased for my Ipod to date.",
61573,__label__1,"Bad Jokes Make For Bad Attitude: First of all this isnt a movie. It's a stand up comedy act, and its not funny. On the box of this movie it says ""..wildest party imaginable..."" but its really the lamest movie I think Ive ever seen. Basically, the movie consists of a stand up comic entertaining some corporate party. He tells the kind of jokes you might hear from that dorky uncle when you were six. Or maybe the kind you would see in a book of elephant jokes in a children's library. They do have a few girls that dance around but it is a COMPLETE waste of money. The only reason why i would buy this is so i could give it to someone as a bad gift. Like for instance....to that dorky uncle i had when i was six.",
61574,__label__1,Useless for me: This mitt is much to thin to absorb any soap for washing and there is not enough texture for exfoliating. Very dissapointed with the product as I can not use it as was intended.,
61575,__label__2,"Good advice within book: This lady is clearly a seasoned traveler and all of us can benefit from what she has learned about making traveling easier. She gives great tips on how to pack so that you are not overwhelmed by all of your accoutrement, which steals the joy out of traveling. It is a simple, fast read with good advice.",
61576,__label__2,"Ordered Too Late: We waited too long to get the book before our trip. The book was helpful for the short time we had. We were able to pick different parts out and use them to suit our trip. Now that we are back, a little studying is in order.",
61577,__label__2,"TCP/IP Greatness: Tcp/Ip JumpStart is a GREAT book for the beginning IT specialist.Andrew Blank has a very good way of presenting the facts in a very basic, but intricate way. The explanations and examples make this book not just fun to read but also very educational.TCP/IP JumpStart is not only for those who have little experience, but also for those who have intermediate experience.Once your done with this book see your questions will be answered and feeling very comfortable with the topics.This is a must have book",
61578,__label__1,"BOMB: ""Live Wire"" wasn't able to make it into the theaters. That's because this is strictly second rate. The storyline alternates between being laughable and being predictable. Pierce Brosnan portrays a bomb expert who usually works for the FBI but also does some side work for the local police. His marriage is on the rocks because he allowed their young daughter to drown in the pool. How nice. The incident is shown only in flashback and seems almost trivial the way in which it is presented. Brosnan ends up becoming involved with an investigation into exploding politicians. Yup...that's right. Certain senators end up combusting in a big way after drinking what appears to be water. The end of the movie borrows more than a little inspiration from the TV show ""MacGyver"". This movie never really finds its place and contains your standard action sequences and rather poor special effects. Brosnan is much more impressive as Bond.",
61579,__label__1,"Bond fans, trust me on this............................: ............and follow me here, this movie is terrible. No matter what the other people tell you, I am telling you the truth and this is my business. If you are going to buy this film, and ""pretend"" it's a Bond film, you are better off getting ""The Thomas Crown Affair."" This movie is so over acted that it is ridiculous, though, in reverse of the last three Bond outings, it starts off silly and gets a little better. It proves that playing 007 has been good for Pierce. He has gained confidence through that role that has served him well in his films about love or jewel thieves. He didn't have it here, bless his heart. My girlfriend likes to think that it's him in the love scenes and not a body double. She said,""Oh, so that's what Bond looks like making love.........""Pass on this one lads, trust me>",
61580,__label__1,"Instead of a big bang, Live Wire delivers a pop: In this not-ready-for-Bond primer, Pierce Brosnan plays an FBI explosives expert who can't figure out a series of deadly D.C. detonations that has the nation's capital on edge. The mysterious explosive premise is a good one, however the movie suffers from a made-for-cable feel (perhaps because of the terrible music). The cast does a good job with a fair to middling script, but a few characters just don't belong. Namely Lisa Eilbacher as Brosnan's promiscious wife. Usually a reliable actress, she's reduced to eye candy in this one. Ben Cross does a smash-bang job as the heavy, but Ron Silver is dead weight as Cross's congressional co-conspirator. All in all, Live Wire delivers an interesting pop, but is far from the entertaining big bang you might expect from a film featuring the future James Bond.",
61581,__label__2,"Collection of exquisitly constructed prayers: I am a minister and have used this book during worship around Prayer Time teachable moments. Baillie's prayers are superb, but they are written in an older style that would have been a bit difficult for our international congregation to grasp. But the content of these prayers was just too good to pass by. So in a typical implementation I took one of his prayers, paraphrased it, provided handout copies to the congregation, and then used the paraphrase as a template for that morning's pastoral prayer. Then I encouraged the congregation to take it home and use it throughout the week.I highly recommend this book.Pastor Tim Isbell ([...])",
61582,__label__1,"Visually Cheap: The overall appearance of the printed page is repulsive. Overly bold type, type size far too small for the weight of type face, cheap quality paper. These were to be gifts to treasured friends. A huge disappointment. I've owned a hardback copy for 40+ years and it is still elegant in its visual appeal. The current physical copy is a slap in the face to its spiritual content.",
61583,__label__2,A Wonderful Guide for Prayer: I purchased this book based on the other reviews it had received. I was not disappointed. The book is full of wonderful devotional prayers. Reading through them each day is bringing me to a deeper and more satisfying prayer life. These are prayers that can be prayed over and over and still remain fresh. I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants a more meaningful prayer life.,
61584,__label__2,A great tool for devotions with a whole lot of typos: I found this to be a wonderful addition to my prayer life. The morning and evening prayers have helped me branch out on the way I pray. The prayers in the book vary quite a bit on their focus which was really fun for me. I even bought this book for my dad.That being said it is obvious this kindle book was just a scan and that nobody bothered to proof it. There are quite a few typos and this is made worse by the text being older english. I have found myself on a couple of occasions looking words up because I am not sure if they are a misspelling or some old word that I haven't encountered before. It has always been the former. It is pretty frustrating when a simple read through would have eliminated most of the errors.I would encourage anyone to buy this and use it in there prayer time.,
61585,__label__2,30 prayers for morning and evening which continually refresh: This book is exceptional for meditating upon God. One can re-read these prayers for years and not exhaust the richness of Baille's images and insights. Guaranteed to expand and deepen your faith.Worth searching for in used book stores,
61586,__label__2,"Life changing: I am trying to make a spiritual practice of reading at least one of the daily prayers, each day. I am always blessed and so thankful to read words by a gifted author that bring me into the presence of God.",
61587,__label__2,"Prayer: Beautiful, thoughtful prayers. Only wish an editor had updated the antiquated English to make it an easier read. Our pastor has used these prayers from the pulpit but changes the archaic language. Still, it was worth the $$.",
61588,__label__2,"Diary of Private prayer: A wonderful book for gaining perspective and fresh insights with a morning and an evening prayer for one month. Even though the prayers were written many years ago, the application is timeless",
61589,__label__2,"Errors in Kindle Version: Just to note that the Kindle version I just purchased is missing the entry for the Morning of the 26th day of the month, and has a typographical error (""Thirtiethh"") on the Thirtieth Day.",
61590,__label__2,"A Diary of Private Prayer: This is one of the best books, for individuals to learn not only how to oray, but its also good for those who are wanting to becomeprayer warriors. I use this book to teach Christians the process of daily prayiny to become a life stile through there walk in life. Great Book",
61591,__label__1,"Buy LIve In Montreux instead.: At first im a deep fan of ELP and own all their records. I saw them 4 times live and saw their biggest show in history in Montréal in 1976.I strongly suggest that you buy In Montreux instead of this DVD.The production here is badly film and the sound is not good at all only in stereo. Also they are not at their best that night.The live in Montreux is very well produce, the sound is very good and available in 5.1 plus they are in top shape.Don't spend any money on this one you will regret it.",
61592,__label__2,Great disc: I love the live DVD of this performance and this disc is a great way for me to enjoy that performance while driving or working around the house or in the office.,
61593,__label__2,"Emerson Lake&Palmer-'Live At The Royal Albert Hall'(Rhino): Maybe not as brilliant as their earlier live album,but '...Albert Hall' is a damn fine piece of work.Total of eleven tracks with a duration of 69:18.I was so excited when I went to see the progressive power trio on the eve of this very tour.Reunions are great,aren't they?Most of the older cuts were present that I wanted to hear,like ""Karn Evil No.9(1st Impression-Part Two)"",""Knife Edge"",""Still...You Turn Me On"",""Lucky Man"",the thirteen minute epic ""Pirates"" and the fourteen minute ""Fanfare For The Common Man/America/Rondo"".Whew!Thanks for the ride.A couple of new(at the time)tunes seemed to fit well in with the rest of the set,""Black Moon"",""Romeo&Juliet"" and ""Paper Blood"".WELCOME BACK MY FRIENDS TO THE SHOW THAT NEVER ENDS!COME INSIDE!Long live Keith Emerson,Greg Lake and Carl Palmer.",
61594,__label__2,A John <cleese type of humor: Just buy it and you'll see what real British humor is all about.'cause you can't stop laughing,
61595,__label__2,"The best comedy ever: It was a delight, the price was right, the DVD was top quality and it arrived a few days after the purchase order went in. I watch the sit-coms every other day. Its always fresh.I would recommend this DVD set to all who like comedy.",
61596,__label__2,"Fawlty Towers: Great timing on delivery, great wrapping, great quality of DVD's. I haven't seen these episodes in forever. Brought back memories, and thanks for doing that for me.",
61597,__label__2,"fawlty towers: we bought the series for a christmas gift and just hope the recipient loves it. we have not been able to review it ourselfs.people i work with have raved about the series. so taking their opinion to heart, i purchased it hoping the recipient will enjoy it as well.",
61598,__label__1,"missing episodes: Sadly, discs 1 and 2, although labeled as different discs, had the same episodes on them. As a result, many of the promised episodes were missing. This was not the vendors fault since the discs themselves were clearly labeled as ""1"" and ""2"", but an error on the part of the BBC production department.",
61599,__label__2,"The Classic Comedy: Okay, I know I've only given it four stars. You see, it's not that I don't like Fawlty Towers. I agree, it's a rare comedy that survives so long, and is still funny. It's just that I've seen these all so many times now, that it's kind of like looking at a photo of a favourite place.You see a clip, you know the episode instantly, you know the jokes instantly. If you watch the episode, you know what will happen. Yes, it is funny. Yes, there are episodes that I'll watch again, but there are still moments that I'll hit the fast forward on, there are still scenes which I find embarrasing (for some reason).This means that the entire series collection becomes more of a monument than a watchable purchase. It is a classic. I don't know of a series that ended just at the right time like this did, that retains its charm even now. I do sing its praises...it's just that I can't watch them like I used to.",
61600,__label__2,Another great comedy!: You don't know whether to laugh or look on in disbelief. A great comedy that will keep you in stitches.A good way to unwind after a long and hard day!,
61601,__label__2,"It keeps getting funnier: Everytime I view episodes in this series, they seem to get funnier. This series is definitely a keeper.",
61602,__label__2,"CLASSIC COMEDY AT IT'S BEST!: I bought this collection of episodes just recently. I really enjoyed the comedy in the show. There are some quite amazing things that take place at Fawlty Towers, but it's all good fun. John Cleese is a natural and this show highlights this wonderful man, because he portrays his character very well!This is good stuff! I highly recommend it- even if you're not familiar with it, because neither was I!",
61603,__label__2,For fans of British Comedy and Monty Python!: One of the funniest British Comedy series ever produced ... some of John Cleese's finest work for the small screen. Much of his inspiration for his character in A Fish Called Wanda can be seen germinating in this BBC Television series.Recommended for anyone having a bad day ...,
61604,__label__1,"Insulting: I'm a big Fawlty Towers fan but this remastered edition begins with a BBC bigmouth telling you how great the BBC and English humor are, and you can't get to the shows you paid for without listening to this boor first. Every time you turn it on. Five minutes. I paid for the damn thing, why do I have to endure this drek? Drop dead BBC.",
61605,__label__2,"Husband didn't like it.: I have always liked Fawlty Towers so I bought this for my husband for Christmas. He didn't like it. However, I still do so I gave it four stars.",
61606,__label__2,"The critics are missing the point: I remember hearing an interview with Cleese, where he said the Faultys were based on his parents. Basil and Sybil are not supposed to be nice people. If you have ever known people like the Faultys, you will identify with it and realize that Cleese is finding humor in the things he endured as a child.",
61607,__label__1,"Fawlty Towers: the complete collection: While Amazon was great about customer service on this item, I had to return three different sets because they would never play anything but FBI warnings and trailers. This is really too bad, because I would like to own a working set of Fawlty Towers, which is one of the most hilarious shows ever produced! I hope Amazon will notify us all when it gets in a working set of discs. And no, it is not just that my equipment or my country didn't jive with the discs, because I had a young, very computer-savy person check things out, too.",
61608,__label__1,"My Fawlty Towers set was faulty...: Hoping to ""upgrade"" from my VHS Fawlty to DVD, I ordered the complete DVD series. Unfortunately, the set I received was defective. The disks were marked v. 1, 2 and 3, but the set actually contained TWO v. 2s, ONE v. 3 and NO v. 1. I requested a replacement for this set, and received another DEFECTIVE set identical to the above. I will be returning both sets and asking for a refund as I don't trust that I will ever receive a complete, perfect set. This series is truly one of the greats of BritCom-Dom and deserves 5+ stars, but my experience with the product quality is quite disappointing. Sybil would certainly never stand for it...",
61609,__label__1,"Faulty Indeed: I bought the Fawlty Towers series on American Amazon, only to discover that is cannot be played on American DVD players. Very frustrating; Amazon needs to protect its customers more than this, ezpecially as it continues to devour other retailers. This makes me furious as a long time Amazon user.",
61610,__label__2,"the main problem with the audio commentaries: You hear lots of constricted breathing, swallowing, phlegm swishing, slurping of drinks, scratching or other playing with oneself for sometimes minutes at a time, chain smoking sounds, clogged nasal passages, etc. It's truly revolting, and I'm glad I got through them all and plan never to turn the commentaries on again. (This information got lost from my first review attempt.)",
61611,__label__2,"Comic Genius: Few TV shows pass what I call the ultimate DVD test: is it so well done that you'll want to watch it again and again, and still get pleasure. Fawlty Towers ranks with the Honeymooners at the top of this select class. The similarities are thought-provoking. Both were ""filmed"" on a remarkably spare, almost theatrical sets. Both featured what might be called choreographed physical comedy as well as wit, whether it was John Cleese goosestepping his way through ""Germans"" or Jackie Gleason doing the Hucklebuck with Art Carney and ""Mrs. Manicotti."" I've watched every episode at least a dozen times over the years, and like fine wine, it seems only to improve with age. By all means buy this priceless collection.",
61612,__label__2,"A Classic! Do not miss!: Finally, after long searching, I've found the complete set of Fawlty Towers. The visual quality is good (certainly better than my home-recorded video tapes!) but no 'cleaning' has been done to the image... Nothing matches the pent-up anger of Basil Fawlty cursing the Heavens, or beating his mini with a tree branch. The smarmy, unctuous sycophant has since never been so well portrayed. A real laugh-a-minute series, with tight dialogue and unforgettable characters. Do not pass this collection by!",
61613,__label__2,"Farty Towels.....er...Fawlty Towers on DVD: John Cleese is Basil Fawlty, a hotel manager trying to please only those who have a lot of money or fame. He is dominated by his overbearing wife & has an inept waiter to deal with. (He's from Barcelona) The only brains in the whole outfit is Polly. 12 episodes of hilarity. Watch the sign outside the hotel. Something always happens to it.",
61614,__label__2,"Farce on the English Riviera: In 1971, John Cleese and the rest of the team fromMonty Python's Flying Circusencountered rude treatment at a hotel. This experience led to the development of ""Fawlty Towers,"" a sitcom that originally appeared on the BBC in 1975 and 1979. In the series, Cleese plays Basil Fawlty, manager of the Fawlty Towers hotel in Torquay on the Devon coast.Fawlty (mis)manages the hotel with his wife, Sybil (Prunella Scales), and with hired help Polly (Connie Booth) and Manuel (Andrew Sachs). The four trifle with both the guests and each other, and the show is witty with fast-paced dialogue and comedy of errors-style humor. Some of the situations the crew stumbles into involve botched hotel repairs, restaurant meals gone wrong, and an untimely death.The first two discs in this set contain the twelve episodes of the series, and there is a third bonus disc recalling this classic series that containing interviews, outtakes, and other material.",
61615,__label__2,"Dry, Black British humor at its best!: I am British, so naturally think that fawlty tower is an absolute classic. John Cleese plays his natural self, being the poor underestimated man, while his wicked witch takes granted for all the stress he has to go through with his rude customers, his ditsy Spanish bellhope, and his know all Polly (what ever it is she does). Well all thats in Basils eyes anyway. Definatly a must for all those who appreciate dry humor!",
61616,__label__2,"The Funniest Show Ever: Fawlty Towers is simply he best comedy ever written. I bought this collection for a friend in the Hotel/Resturant business, who never did see this show. I highly recommend for anyone, but it is a must see if you are in the Hotel/Resturant business.",
61617,__label__2,"Great Series Neatly Packaged: This is a great Britcom - Hard to believe only 12 were made with such a following. Each one is a gem in itself. No one can do comedy quite like John Cleese. The little nuances; the decor; the intricate character play; its wonderful. If you watch carefully at the beginning of each episode you will also find the twisted spelling of ""fawlty towers"". For something made in the 70's, this series has survived and is still enjoyable today.As for the interviews, they are great. With only 12 episodes made its nice to have the interviews filling the blank spots.A must for John Cleese fans and for anyone who loves Britcoms =)",
61618,__label__2,"Prepare to hurt yourselves laughing: There are very few comedies I would put in the gut-busting funny category, and this series is one of the few. I inadvertently caught the entire series a LONG time ago during a PBS marathon, and I was, in all honesty, in pain from laughing so hard. I'm not a big fan of Monty Python, so this type of humor appealed to me more: Not as reliant on obscure British references, but crafted in a way that can be widely appreciated by a more varied American audience. Think ""Newhart"" on steroids. Great, great caustic, physical/slapstick humor that's made even funnier by a fantastic cast. This stuff loses no appeal with repeated viewings; in fact, these episodes are as funny the 10th time you watch them as they are the first. I will be replacing my VHS tapes with this DVD edition REAL soon.",
61619,__label__2,"Re-mastered edition enlivens this classic British series: Forever etched in the minds of FT fans is this short-lived British comedy series. This 30th anniversary(!) re-mastered DVD edition crisply and faithfully delivers every complete episode containing all visual and aural gags written by the comedy team of John Cleese and wife Connie Booth. The 30th anniversary DVD set edition is offered at a special value price. Although Fawlty Towers is a superb period production, this immortal series delivers off-kilter insights on daily tribulations and strives to send messages applicable to today's viewer. Indulge yourself, c'mon and buy this DVD set. Be sure to listen to the out-takes and also view those episodes in which you can opt to listen to running commentary [delivered by John Cleese himself] on the action, lines, and progress of each scene--as was intended or not.",
61620,__label__2,Fawlty Towers: I purchased this item for my daughter and she was very happy to get it. I haven't watched it but she was pleased so I'm sure it was fine.,
61621,__label__2,"CERTAINLY ONE OF THE FUNNIEST BRITISH COMEDY SERIES.: John Cleese is at his over the top best. Que? It is, of course, one improbable, hilarious situation after another in each program. So very, very, very, funny. A wonderful cast that plays equally well with Cleese's near insanity. Unfortunately, there are only 12 episodes (on 2 disks) and I would much prefer 100. I hated to see it end. There is a 3rd disk with interviews, history and trivia. At 30 dollars plus, it was somewhat expensive. But, it is in a league all it's own. John Cleese is definitely a master (and Manuel, the waiter from barseloma, is the ""icing on the cake""). I laughed so much.",
61622,__label__2,Pleased with Fawlty Towers collection: This collection contains all 12 Fawlty Towers episodes. The second season aired a few years after the first season. It also contains additional footage/interviews. Great collection especially if you love Monty Python!,
61623,__label__2,"Funny: Even though the season's where short this was a hilarious show, especially since I grew-up in the states watching a lot of BBC!",
61624,__label__2,great: Thank you for the dvd. This is a perfect xmas gift for my parents. I love this show and I know they will.,
61625,__label__1,The problem with this series is as with Python: that the dedicated fans of this show presume everybody who sees the show loves it. That is far from the case. Many people can watch Python or FT and easily nopt enjoy it. I for one see little humor in this series. Remember FT/python fans you don't speak for everyone when you write how you admire these tv works.,
61626,__label__1,"I simply don't find the humor...: I was very much anticipating watching Fawlty Towers because of all the wonderful reviews given. I expected it to be witty, refined, and just plain funny, I found none of that. All I found was an extremely boring and unexpiring comedy. I don't see the humor in Basil falling down in every episode or slamming Manuel's head into the wall. After the first ""uno, dos, tres"" episode with Manuel, any other times Basil has a tough time communicating with Manuel, it just seems tired. There is no subtle humor because everything in the show is such an overtly over exaggeration. There is not an ounce of believability...I thought this comedy would be something the vein of The Office, Arrested Development, The Larry Sanders Show, Waiting For Guffman, etc. To say the least I was very disappointed...",
61627,__label__1,Agree the show is a tension fest and not that humorous at al: Let's face it if this show hadn't starred Python alumnus John Cleese this show would be as famous as Mind your Language.,
61628,__label__1,boring: although I enjoy fawlty towers very much this collection is too boring --- there is a really boring interview that lasts forever right before each episode. they could easily have put more episodes in the collection if they only would eliminate those interviews...well --- sigh --- live and learn...,
61629,__label__1,"Not For Those Seeking Comic Relief: If you want to see a human being utterly debased in every episode by his wife and everyone else who he comes in contact with, than this is for you. I find watching this show the antithesis of comedy. Its nihilistic outlook is totally depressing.",
61630,__label__2,"My favorite comedy series on TV: This was my favorite comedy series on TV. I had been hoping they would release it on DVD for some time and finally they did and i snapped it up. It is still funny. Perhaps not quite as funny when i first saw it spontaneously on TV the first time, but still it is quite funny, especially if you are John Cleese fan and like his form of humor.",
61631,__label__2,"if you don't own it-you should!: My dad was always into Monty Python and other sundry Brittish Comedy, so I grew up watching John Cleese and all the others. He never owned Fawlty Towers but told me to watch it if I ever got the chance. I was browsing Amazon one day and saw it on DVD, and I purchased it. I am so glad I did! I can say, the only Fawlt is that the series was cancelled after only 12 episodes!",
61632,__label__1,no use purchase: I am unable to view this movie as this system is NTSC whereing we use PAL and I am of the opinion the system should be stated BEFORE purchase as now I am stuck with a useless and expensive product.Thank you.Peter Erler,
61633,__label__2,"Help me solve a mystery: Get the Fawlty Towers DVD already.Now for something completely different: I swear that one day I turned on PBS and they were showing a short film where John Cleese and Connie Booth were members of a chamber orchestra who had somehow gotten separated from their camrades and end up wandering the English countryside naked. That's right, naked. Connie Booth is topless through the whole thing and John thankfully has a bassoon covering his naughty bits. Needless to say, I'd like to see this non-fawlty ditty again. Any info? Post in a review here.",
61634,__label__2,"english humor: I love these videos, english humor is so different from american and difference is the spice of life. They could have left out the extras disc and saved some plastic.",
61635,__label__2,"If you can't laugh at this...: then you may be dead. Or, maybe you've stayed at a bed and breakfast like The Fawlty Towers. John Cleese (Monty Python) plays Basil Fawlty, who along with his wife runs The Fawlty Towers. Basically, the entire series is an excuse to let Cleese do his patented slow-boil, get caught in compromising positions, and be mean to bellhop Manuel.This is mean-spirited British humor at it's best. Cleese has rarely been better. And the supporting cast, lead by Connie Booth, is great. Stop in and see why this is one of the great comedies of all time.",
61636,__label__2,brilliant!!!: fawlty towers is one of the most hillarious shows ever!!!! i could watch basil fawlty forever and still be entertained!!!recomended to all who are normal and those who are not.,
61637,__label__2,"Hilarious Show: The show is hilarious and the DVD quality is just fine. If you remember this show, this set is perfect for you!",
61638,__label__2,"Hilarious: Would you believe there are only 12 episodes? This means you can buy the complete series in a convenient little packet of 3 DVDs, 6 hours, and just enjoy them again and again. And you will. It's positively brilliant. Every actor but one is imminently skillful and every script but one will make you laugh out loud, hard. Hit ""pause"" until it passes. I hope you can cope with the workplace stress, which it will remind you of. I left the workplace long ago and it gives me flashbacks. And damn, I wish I could be as thin as John Cleese. Instead, I have hair like Prunella Scales, and I happen to be proud of it. And that's a cool name for an actress, isn't it? Prunella Scales.",
61639,__label__2,Possibly The Funniest Comedy Ever.: Lots of very visual humour. Show translated and shown in about 80 different countries. Best $50 you can spend on a DVD. As good as it gets. I watch episodes over and over again and they are just as funny as the first time.,
61640,__label__2,Extra funny!: John Cleese at his best. I thoroughly enjoyed watching this series and it definately left me wanting more.,
61641,__label__2,"A must have for British - or ANY comedy collection!: This is the perfect set. It has all the episodes as aired.It also has extras such as outtakes, interviews and I believe voice-overs on sound track 2 from the producers/directors. You will NOT be disappointed with this set.As with The thin Blue line there is only 12 episodes, but I would rather have 12 great episodes like these, than more episodes that are hit and miss. I can watch them over and over --- and I do!Jim",
61642,__label__2,More Therapy: I think this is the perfect companion for the Monty Python 16Ton set. Cleese at his best with a superb support cast. Enjoy!!,
61643,__label__2,HILARIOUS!!!!!: I saw just a couple episodes and became an instant fan so I ran out and bought the complete collection with no regrets. Every episode is hilarious and the replay value is very high. I have only had it for about a week and I have watched them night after night. John Cleese keeps you laughing the entire time. Get yourself a copy and you won't regret it.,
61644,__label__2,"FAWLTY TOWERS ON DVD: I have watched every Faulty Towers episode countless times and know many of the infamous catchphrases off by heart. It astounds me that the this series isn't yet available on DVD. This is one of the greatest comedies ever made and it deserves to be remastered in a way that enhances the sound and vision. The BBC is not fully utilising or capitalising on their vast catalogue. I am sick of the second rate sound and vision of tape and have been waiting ""as long as the emperor hadrian"" for this series to be released on DVD.",
61645,__label__2,this was great: I had forgotten how much I enjoyed this series. Many laughs and many happy moments with the gifted actors. Bravo,
61646,__label__2,"Watch This!!!: If you haven't seen this, buy it and watch it!I cannot recommend this series highly enough. It is a short lived series that you can watch in a single sitting, but it will have your sides splitting, & it is great to show at parties.So many popular modern comedies draw from John Cleese, and Fawlty Towers is chock-full of excellent comedy to draw from.I actually like this better than Monty Python, because you don't have to take a break from it to not hate it. Monty Python wears on you, so it's great to watch every now and again, but if you watch it too often, it feels childish and irritating. Fawlty Towers deals with a much more mundane subject matter, reigning in the comedians to play in a much less abrasive realm.",
61647,__label__2,Fawlty Towers - The Complete Series: We always enjoyed watching Fawlty Towers when it was first released in Canada back in the late 70's. Now we can watch it as often as we wish and have a good laugh.,
61648,__label__2,The best of British comedy: It is a shame John Cleese did so few episodes of Fawlty Towers. They are hilarious and clever. I bought these for my daughter after she saw an episode on vacation. We watched all of them within a few days and even went back and watched a few over. If you like British comedies then you should love these!,
61649,__label__2,"Cleese is of course, brilliant!: LOVE Basil & Sybil Fawlty! Classics. Now that I live in Mexico and speak Spanish, I can appreciate more of the banter between Manuel (""He's from Barcelona!"") & Mr. Fawlty. ""On these trays"" ""Oh, no, Mr. Fawlty! No 'on these trays, uno, dos, tres!""",
61650,__label__2,"** My most valued set of movies **: If I had to choose one set of movies to watch for the rest of my life, this would be it! I have honestly watched every episode at least 25 times, probably more. John Cleese has never been more hilarious. He plays this hysterical character who spends much of his time saying things to his guests/customers that we all wish we could say at our jobs. Of course, since I work in the Hotel industry, I can really appreciate all the humor but I really think anyone who works in any kinds of customer service would highly appreciate these videos. My favorite show is the ""Communications problems"" episode with the wicked obnoxios ""classic guest from Hell"" I only wish they would have made more than 12 episodes! *This set is worth the money*",
61651,__label__2,"""Fauwlty Fan"" loves: Very happy with the service Amazon provides. The item sent on time in excellent condition. Every care was taken to details. Thanks so much!",
61652,__label__2,"Hilarious comedy: It's too bad these shows are not on DVDs. But we remembered and enjoyed the television series so much, we decided to buy old technology just to have the shows available in our home. We laughed till we cried!",
61653,__label__2,Another Can't Go Wrong: Fawlty Towers - If you are a John Cleese fan - you won't stop laughing....Basel,
61654,__label__1,I third the notion that tensionfest is the word: I find little humorous about this sitcom. I actually find it all pretty nervewracking and painful to watch.,
61655,__label__1,Not bad but it's vastly overrated: This isn't so much a hilarious sitcom as a tension fest. Every talks half way to a whisper most of the time. Cleese looks inbred and mildly retarded. Maybe this explains why in real life he thinks it's funny to go around harrassing people.,
61656,__label__2,"The crowning glory of all comedies..............: When I first saw this unparalleled comedy in the mid 1970's, I was attending a Grammar School in England. I well remember that after each new episode was aired, we would discuss it the following day with our History master during class, easily diverting him from the lesson plan he had. He loved it as much as we did.I swear that many times during the 12 episodes, I could barely breathe as I was laughing so much. There are so many funny parts in all the episodes. My personal favourite scenes are when Basil and Sybil have their verbal exchanges - priceless. Both the visual and verbal comedy are unsurpassed.I only wish I could erase my memory banks of this show and watch all the episodes again for the first time!",
61657,__label__2,"Classic Brit Comedy: Have seen these episodes years ago when they first came out, which is why I bought it. Absolutely hilarious; John Cleese is absolutely brilliant",
61658,__label__2,Funny: Was a gift for my wife who is British. She and I both have watched it and enjoyed it very much.,
61659,__label__1,"Fawlty Towers DVDs dont work: This DVD set is a real disappointment. I love the series, but am very annoyed about the quality of the disc. It skips and gets stuck on certain episodes. Why is that happening? I just opened it, put it in the dvd player and thats all.I do have to say though, that Amazon is doing a great job about this. I've contacted them and they are sending a replacement with a return shipping label to send back the defective one at no charge. So bravo Amazon for correcting this problem so efficiently! Thanks!",
61660,__label__2,"Great Show but Sloppy DVD Collection: POSITIVES: These classic episodes are even more spectacular on crystal-clear DVDs, most of the interviews are interesting, and there are a few good special features (for example, the documentary on Torquay and the real-life nasty hotel manager who served as the model for Basil Fawlty).NEGATIVES: The people who interviewed the cast members, and the people who provided the episode commentaries, seemed to be totally unprepared for their job, and appeared to be making up their questions and comments as they went along.BIGGEST SURPRISE: Andrew Sachs is a quiet, intelligent, dignified stage actor with a British accent, completely unrecognizable as the the goofy Spanish bellman/waiter he plays in the series!MOST UNPLEASANT SURPRISE: Andrew Sachs's interviewer never once asked him to do any lines in his goofy ""Manuel"" voice and character, so how do we know it was really him? It's kind of like interviewing Mel Blanc and never asking him to do Bu",s Bunny
61661,__label__2,"Not Comparable To Monty Python - This Is Another Kind Of Fun: All 12 episodes of the British comedy series Fawlty Towers! I fell for it'n' bought it, as a huge fan of Monty Python's Flying Circus.But Fawlty Towers is not the same kind of humour. It is more slapstick (without BEING slapstick), yet more complex since there's a continuous rise towards total chaos climax at the end of each episode!This is great! Great, and great FUN! Do buy the whole set - you will not cheat yourself!",
61662,__label__2,"Even my odd size rifle fit. Nice case.: Target rifles are large. The one I bought this case for is overly large and the rifle fit. The included front and rear pads, and two Velcro cinch straps fit easily. The rifle layed right down into them. Both straps are 1"" x 19"". My stock is very large and I'll need a 20"" strap in the rear but for virtually every rifle 19"" is more than long enough. I'd buy this case again and would recommend it. If you plan to use it for air travel you may wish to stuff the voids with bubble wrap.",
61663,__label__2,"Great Case!!: I have needed a case for my Remington 1100 for some time now and after I checked out my buddy's, I knew I had to have one for myself. My shotgun has a scope and this case keeps it locked in nicely. The only thing that could be better is a flat end that would allow for the case to sit upright in a closet, etc. Nice job Plano!",
61664,__label__1,Plano verticle scope case junk: Very flimsy said it was airline approved when I checked with TSA after I bought it because it is so flimsy they said it is not TSA approved so it can not be taken on a plane or other craft from a TSA facility. My scoped rifle did not fit without many alterations and the lid still has to be closed and held like a over stuffed suit case to latch. As far as I am concerned the verticle case is a great idea I hate my guns laying on there sides the scopes get banged around too much so good try bad flimsy item.,
61665,__label__2,"Very secure transport.: This case suspends your firearm on blocks of foam.It keeps your rifle or shotgun from impacting any part of the inside of the case to prevent damage to the weapon or a scope. Not something you could use for airline travel, but great for transporting your firearms to and from the range. Well worth the money.",
61666,__label__2,"there is no better hard gun case than this one!: when i first saw one of these cases at a match, i knew it was the best available, and the only one which held a rifle in an upright position, not squashed between to slabs of egg-crate foam.i can even fit my rifle into this case with a 4-16x56mm scope installed.i can't imagine any other case for my rifle on an airline.-bpps, i bought it at amazon, where it shipped FREE!",
61667,__label__1,"Big Disappointment: Case is advertised as large, yet the lid won't clear my 56 mm scope on a Rem 700 with a Choate Tool Ultimate Sniper Stock. If it actually worked for a larger gun, it would be better than a double gun case, but it doesn't work, so you're better off with a double gun case to fit a large gun. It's a stupid idea considering it's limited storage size and large footprint. If it worked for larger guns, it would be worth buying. Cost more to return than what I paid. $35 of junk to add to my garage.",
61668,__label__1,"damaged merchandise: When I received the rifle case it was cracked and when I called the customer service rep, she informed me that the rifle cases are back ordered and I would not have a replacement before christmas (this was weeks before christmas). The rep told me she would send a shipping label for me to return the item and never told me how long it would take (i found out later that it takes 5 -7 business days for the label to be shipped and it took all of 7 business days). So even if the merchandise wasn't on back order, I still wouldn't have had a replacement on time. Needless to say my husband is going to get a damaged rifle case for Christmas because the whole ordeal of sending this back has been nothing but a hassle. Also note that the customer service rep who answered my call was very unpleasant and uninterested in my dilemma. Wouldn't recommend buying anything from this company.",
61669,__label__2,Excellent for Transporting in the Vehical: For the price this is a excellent case. I like how the rifle sets upright in the case and is secure. Note I wouldn't ship or use this case with airlines.,
61670,__label__2,great rifle case: this rifle case is great. i had 2 others. i keep my .308 match rifle in one and my hall actioned .22lr match rifle in the other. this one i purchased has my suhl 150 standard match rifle in it. they hold the guns upright instead of laying them on the sides like most cases. these means less of as chance on the scopes being off.,
61671,__label__1,"Disapointing gun cases.: The outer case is fine but the inside foam is not! It is hard to use the center tie down, scope is in the way. Also nothing for the end of the barrel, needed most when putting the rifle in the case.",
61672,__label__2,Great Case: Case received as scheduled and I am very pleased with this case. Holds rifle in the center of the case and leaves room for securing other supplies in the enclosure of the case.,
61673,__label__2,Great deal!!: The case is solid and it is worth every penny. Shipped my 300wsm from Alaska with out any problems after been used in the hunt went back in the little bush plane got thrown around and it has kept my rifle safe. Highly recommended.,
61674,__label__1,"Just average quality, doesn't live up to ""made in USA"" standard.: Just received 2 of these cases for my 20 gauge slug gun and 300 wsm rifle. the outside case feels sturdy, the made in China straps feel sturdy as well. but the foams are very cheap looking and poorly assembled. and they don't seem to fit in the case quite well. There is a lot of space in the case that can't be utilized which is a waste. it is such a big case, and you can only put the gun in there. no room for other accessaries.If I were to buy another case, I would spend extra $$$ to get a better one.",
61675,__label__2,"Very good quality case: I received my Plano case in a timely manner. The case is very sturdy for the type of plastic used. I would not use this case for air travel! Great for back and forth to the range or simply just to store your rifle/shotgun. Really my only issue with the case is that it doesn't seal very well. This may allow moister and/or dust to enter the case. Overall very happy with product, also my bi pod fit nicely in the case while attached to rifle.",
61676,__label__2,Have had for 10 years and Great!: My wife bought this case at least 10 years ago for me. I use a Marlin 30-30 with 9 x 40mm scope in it and it works great. It has kept my gun from damage and works great for someone that doesn't have a gun cabinet. I have not had any trouble with rust even though I keep my gone in this case all year long. The reason for this is the gun is suspended inside the case by being strapped to foam at the rear of the stock and forearm. I would recommend this case for anybody with a rifle w/scope.,
61677,__label__2,good guide: Bought this as a reference manual for a histology portion of a class. Book helped me get an A in the class because it provided several great imagines needed to do well in the class,
61678,__label__2,"Yes, it IS relaxing: On some nights it's hard for me to relax. This is one of my favorite CDs to listen to help me clear my mind and relax enough to go to sleep. Plus, the music is beautiful.",
61679,__label__1,Whats the story with Oasis?: I am sorry but I have to disagree with most of the reviews on here. This album sounds forced with no sonic texture its plain RUBISH! I have been listening to Oasis since late 1994 and in that time I can honestly say this album was a Big Fat let down stay away from this one.,
61680,__label__2,"MMH... I Really Was Hopping More...: I think Noel Gallgher should let sing Liam, he's the man, unafortunately, only the old logo remembers me the great oasis band from the the three first albums, their great rock & roll sound has gone... it's a great album if you are a fan, like me, but I want to hear something more than Lyla, Lyla.. ""do you know what I mean""?..",
61681,__label__1,"Nothing Special: Everytime this band comes out with a new album I try really hard to like it. And here I am again, trying really hard to enjoy ""Don't Believe the Truth"". After listening to it a few times around, there isn't a single song that really stands out and grabs your attention.The whole album is basically Oasis' version of another era of music, mainly 60's rock. What's the Story Morning Glory kick-started a Brit-pop revolution, this one feels like it never even happened. There's nothing exciting, original, idealistic or inspiring in any of the songs and it feels like the band just got together to make some cash and help support their rock'n'roll lifestyle.I'm disappointed again.",
61682,__label__1,"Won't work with iPod or other players: Bought the dualdisc version and while the album is really great, actually the best Oasis album since 'Morning Glory', this version won't work with MP3 players, since it won't load on the computer. Only the DVD side, which won't allow you to transfer the tracks to your player.",
61683,__label__1,"Oasis took a big sh*t.: What a horrendous album, this is Oasis's selling out (amazingly) and no I'm not being sarcastic.This being Oasis's most uninspired and unartistical statement of an an album ever and most commercial.There is absolutley nothing except commercial success in which you could call this album a return to form or even a good album on its own.The production and the songs are just lazily done and thrown together crap, sounds like a album made to pay the phone bill.",
61684,__label__1,"Mad Fer It?? Believe this truth: 'Member the days when the cats were Mad Fer It, mates? Those days are long over, it seems. Liam's croaky voice has been busted up by too much booze and too many cigarettes, while his flat-faced brother, poor Noel, couldn't write a decent guitar lick these days if John Lennon's ghost appeared in his bedroom with hand-written instructions.Poor Oasis. They were once so great. This new record sounds straight outta 1965, for old fogies only. That's too bad. I remember when these guys were armed (with guitars) and dangerous (with attitude). Now they are just middle-aged millionaires who make British compatriots Def Leppard look young and edgy.What happened, guys?? Let's bring it back to what it was. Maybe one day soon the cats'll be Mad Fer It once again.P.S. IS BLUR REUNITING??????????????",
61685,__label__1,Shut your mouth Noel: He is always badmouthing other artists as if his work with Oasis is genius. Do I sense a hint of jealousy? All the songs sound the same and The Beatles should file a lawsuit.,
61686,__label__1,"Complete Rubbish: I wouldn't buy this album if it was free. First of all, the band itself isn't that great. I just don't get the fuss about them. Every song sounds the same. Secondly, Liam Gallagher is a total idiot. All he does is badmouth other bands (a lot better than his) because he obviously feels inadequate. Alex Kaparanos of Franz Ferdinand recently called him ""a neurotic schoolgirl"" and I couldn't agree more. Instead of talking trash about bands in order to try and sell more records, he should worry about trying to improve his own.",
61687,__label__1,"oasis is a mirage: I have always thought this band sucked, and this album proves it. They've ripped off everyone here, especially '60s Brit bands. No originality. No talent.",
61688,__label__1,"One Word....Rubbish. Guys please retire.: I have to admit I love Oasis, but since Heathen Chemistry, they have hit rock bottom. This is the worst CD Oasis has made to date. It's uninspired garbage, poor vocals and standard arrangements. If this is the best they have to offer these days, they should live off the royalties from the early stuff and retire.",
61689,__label__1,"The worst ever!!: Oasis were on a winner with Heathen Chemistry, this is the biggest peice of crap, its unbeleivable.To say that this is as the best since Definitley Maybe is joke!For cyring out loud, The Spice Girls have better albums than this!!Its ireedeemably bad and a joke and a half, how can people put down ""Standing on the shoulder of giants"" and ""Be here now"" as dissapointments and failures!!! They're both great albums!This does'nt even compare, its not even worthy of comparing, and Lyla is just disgusting.Goodbye Oasis, you never lost your diginity untiul now.",
61690,__label__2,"IT'S ALL IN THE STARS: good side:Noel Gallagher let's other people showcase their songs which in turn are quite the highlights,Noel sings 3 and a half songs. strongest set of songs since the new line-up and now sober approach to living. Zak Starkey (Ringo Starr's son) is now drummer. very insightful bonus DVD. lyric sheetbad side:could use more band pictures, DVD could have been longer, Noel could have sang morestandout tracks:turn up the sun, the importance of being idle; guess God thinks i'm Abel; keep the dream alive; let there be love",
61691,__label__2,"4-1/2 stars -- The return of the fighting brothers: Oasis has been quiet for a while now, but now they come back at us with Don't Believe the Truth. I'm not sure I understand that title, though, unless the truth to them is that this album is horrible or something. Actually, that's what some people seem to think, but I personally think it's pretty damn good.I think I'll ignore the inevitable comparisons to other bands (I understand the Beatles ones, but I don't get the Pearl Jam ones) and just say that there are plenty of good songs to find on here. ""Lyla"" was fine to release as a single, but I find myself looking to the other songs instead. Introspective tales like ""The Meaning of Soul"" and ""Guess God Thinks I'm Abel"" are sure to impress, as does ""Let There Be Love"", a successful we-are-the-world song.This album was released rather quietly, and it's not doing very well on the charts, so I don't know if enough people even know this album exists. But believe the truth: Oasis",s back.
61692,__label__2,"A Solid Album No Doubt: Oasis have definitely come back from a slump. We all know Heathen Chemistry was horrendous, and coming into the new record, I was a bit apprehensive about it being as solid as the first three records (yeah, I said THREE, Be Here Now was good stuff). Anyways, I was pleasantly surprised at the versatility, yet also consistency in this album. Thankfully, Oasis have come into there own again as great song writers, and they STILL are great musicians. I really enjoyed the record, and how it brought back memories of the old days, while still not leaving me longing to pop in one of the old records in its place. It is a must-own for any Oasis fan.",
61693,__label__2,"this album is oasis' finest since definitely maybe: ""dont believe the truth"" is not part of oasis' downward spiral, it is the album that puts them back on the radar as one of the greatest rock bands in the world. with this album it feels like oasis was never on a very long hiatus to the world of music. lyla and let there be love are definitely the two best songs on the album but all of the songs are very good. a definite buy if you are an oasis fan. 4.5 stars.",
61694,__label__2,"Outstanding!: I bought this on a whim as I love their earlier stuff. The first time my wife and I heard it, we said to each other, ""this album is great! And it gets even better the more one listens. We like all the songs, the ones written by the other band members are just as good as Noel's. Liam sounds in top form, great guitar work as usual, and it's a fun album. If you're an Oasis fan, you won't regret buying this.",
61695,__label__2,"Dont Believe The Truth: I Bought This Cd Yesterday And Yes Its Very Different From Their Last Cd (Heathen Chemistry) I Think Its Better Theirs A Lot Of Great New Songs The One I Really Like The Most Is The Last Track (Let There Be Love) Liam's Voice Sound's So Amazing, But Overall The New Album Is Great I Think, If Your An Oasis Fan You Should Have This Album Already.KENNY",
61696,__label__2,"Sure Brilliance: Wow! This Is an excellent, excellent album!! What a rewarding achievment for these guys man. From track 1 to 11 its non-stop, play all the way threw enjoyment. I love the heavy side of Oasis just as much as the next guy, but this album really turned that opinion completely around. Beautiful arrangements, catchy melodies, and a fresh new energy not really heard on any other album they have done in a while. What ""3"" was to Led Zeppelin, ""Believe"" is to Oasis. I don't have a favorite song on this album, they are all that good. All Oasis fans will (& should) appretiate and enjoy this album. Well ANYONE who still respects good music will 'definitely' appretiate this album of sure brilliance!",
61697,__label__1,"Don't Believe the Hype: Is modern-day rock music so bad that we give this sub-par effort five stars? Answer me one question...where are the melodies? Each song meanders through an aural wasteland just to end on a sour note. This album continues the downward spiral of Heathen Chemistry and will be the undoing of the band. They should have stopped while on top with their excellent overlooked album, ""Standing on the Shoulders of Giants"". I am glad I only paid $9.95, because I might as well have just thrown my money away. A huge disappointment!",
61698,__label__1,"Lost Their Sound: The thing I have always loved about Oasis is the big wall of sound evedent in their early albums. It was raw energy. Unfortunately they started losing the ""wall of sound"" on Heather Chemistry, and it is completely gone on this offering. This is their weakest, most uninspired album to date. My copy came with an extra disc that contains live tracks recorded in '95. Listening to the two, there is no comparison. The energy has left the band. Too bad...",
61699,__label__1,"An Oasis Long Dried Up: Given their Beatles/Stones-like aspirations to immortality, it's amazing that Oasis dried up so quickly. But this disjointed, repetitive album reveals a band completely scorched of life. The only sadder 'comeback' attempt out there now is that of the Backstreet Boys. Stick with the band's first two releases. Or better yet, stick with the Beatles and the Stones.",
61700,__label__1,"All the hype for this: If you are looking for an album as good as Definately Maybe then you should look elsewhere. This album, though it took so long, sounds rushed, half hearted and very patchy. Listening to it as a whole album it sounds like a bad compilation of outtakes, and when listening to the songs individually to pull out good points, it is a difficult task. It has a couple of singles on it but nothing more. Lyla is classic Oasis and made me rush to the shops to buy this album, but have decided to go back to The first 3 to try and reconvince myself how good this band actually are.",
61701,__label__1,"Not very good at all I'm afraid.: Boring, dull and lifeless, basically its Oasis's version of 1960s rock n roll which has been and gone and has its place, but we need good modern music not rehashed crap.What a dissaponitment, their was'nt an actual bad Oasis album yet until ""don't beleive the truth"", it sounds nothing like the proper Oasis that everyone has come to know and love and is by no means a neccessary album to have in youe collection.A total waste of time and money.",
61702,__label__1,"Give it up: look ""lads""...put the guitars down and go home for a nice cuppa.You wrote one or two good songs 10 years ago...be happy with this and piss off with wasting my time.",
61703,__label__2,"A Great Sixties Retrospective!!!: Don`t Believe the Truth is a Great album, the Sixties sound in Every Song is Great, the masterpiece of the album is Noel's ""Importance of Being Idle"" and the Smash ""A Bell Will Ring"" and ""Love like a Bomb"" sounds great, good song by Liam",
61704,__label__2,"Believe This Album...: Don't Believe The Truth is what Oasis has tried to get back to since Be Here Now. This is their best album since Morning Glory.At only forty three minutes, you'd think you'd want more to hear however, satisfaction never came in such a small package. Song after song, you'll find yourself singing the lyrics after only hearing one verse.There's not a weak song on this disc so, you won't be skipping tracks. I can't wait to see what the band will pick as their next single. It's that good.Bottom line: 11 superb tracks and memorable lryics. This blows Heathen Chemistry out of the water.",
61705,__label__1,"The downward spiral continues: First a disclaimer: I am a big Oasis fan, own every album, every single, so don't think i'm coming into this review as an Oasis hater...Now with that being said, this album can be summed up in one word; BORING. This continues the trend of the last two albums, with only three or four good songs per album.The only good songs on this cd are...LylaImportance of Being IdleLet There Be LoveEverything else sucks, it's boring, bland rubbish.Hey Noel, here's some advice1. Get Owen Morris back as your producer2. Do not EVER let Liam write another song3. Start doing coke again.Maybe then you will once again make great albums like Definitely Maybe, Morning Glory and Be Here Now.",
61706,__label__2,"Favorite Oasis Album: DBTT is my favorite Oasis album from start to finish. Every song is great. It's their most ""60's""-sounding album, but it doesn't sound like anyone but Oasis. This was my Summer 2005 album. Liam sounds better than he has since Be Here Now.Renewed energy, great songs, great production.",
61707,__label__1,"through the motions: Once again - dissapointed I'm afraid! I hate to say it cos I love(d) Oasis.This album is too cheesy, too clompy (whatever that means!!!) and not what a top band should be producing. Lyla?!? Its so crap I cant believe it! Oasis are going through the motions and not moving very well at all.The Lennon influence on the vocals is extremely annoying (nothing against Lennon of course - I just hate the copied delivery) - what happened to the angry lead vocalist in Morning Glory? What the hell happened to songs like Some Might Say, Cast No Shadow...Oasis are still on the shelf way after their sell-by-date. I hate to say this!!!The live tour will no doubt be fantastic - thats only cos of the classics.Coldplay have royally kicked their ass with X & Y.",
61708,__label__1,"Oasis have dried up.: I was excited for the new Oasis album, to come out. Upon hearing the record, my hopes for a great album weredashed as ""Don't Believe the Truth"" is truly an uninspiring disc. Lazy arrangements, songs that don't seemfinished, eg. The Meaning of Soul, dominate this record. There are a two bright spots, Andy and Gem's ""Keep TheDream Alive"", and ""A Bell Will Ring"", give this collection some meaning. Other than that, this sounds like a groupgoing through the motions, void of any creativity and magic of earlier records.",
61709,__label__1,A steaming pile of offal !: Well I'm afraid they've really lost it now. Plagiarism without thougt or even modification. A real bore.Harken the Art Brut instead much more entertaining!,
61710,__label__1,"The act is getting old..and tired: why buy this album when you can go out and buy/ download such classics as Beggars Banquet, White Album, Waterloo sunset etc. Boys, nice try but after 6 albums and god knows how many millions of dollars please pack it in. The original versions were all to exciting to listen to have you bastardize such great songs as Street Fighting Man!The act is over done, enough is enough. At least Arctic Monkeys have the ""U-Know-What's"" to write intelligently, with a sense of humour, and without that Whiney voice.",
61711,__label__1,"THE CONSISTANT ALBUM CONCEPT FOR OASIS: Step 1) Try to make a Beatles album, any originality in thought needs to immediately be terminatedStep 2) Fail miserably at making an album that sounds like a Beatles album (the fact is any member of the Beatles was a better songwriter than the combined members of Oasis)Step 3) Release the annoying first single that tries to sound like a Beatles songStep 4) Tell everyone you're better than the BeatlesStep 5) Have Radiohead release an album and make you look patheticStep 6) Repeat steps 1-5",
61712,__label__1,"Please disband and stop: You will never be the greatest rock and roll band in the world...however, I did really like that songbird song from your last album. Maybe if you made more catchy songs liek that, you could be the greatest rock and roll band.",
61713,__label__1,"Load of garbage.: What the heak is this junk, how did Oasis ever seriously think anyone would want to listen to this waffle.There is'nt one decent song, and album by album they keep going in the wrong direction, it all started with ""Be Here Now"", and they've just been getting worse and worse since. They hit rock bottom with Heathen Chemistry despite that album shining with a few glimmers of hope.Time will only tell whether they'll ever get better or get worse.",
61714,__label__1,"Spare us please!!: Well thankyou Oasis for all the hype but no thankyou, as far as anyone ""should"" be concerned, this is by far the most horrendous and unbearable album to date, and never before have Oasis compeltly lost it, they have now.Every single song on this album is bad, and they are a stupid enough to try and recreate old 1960s rock n roll, instead of creating a revolution or something excting like they used ot do.The production is terrible, sounding like it was forced to sound un polished, not one stand out track, and liams singing is so whiny and awful its unbearable.The biggest dissapointment in the history of music.",
61715,__label__1,"Crap... a sad decline from the once-great Brothers Arrogant: This album is so bad it's beyond words. Honest to God, being an avid fan of there Definitely Maybe and Morning Glory albums, I tried as hard as I could to accept this new release, but I simply couldn't force myself to listen to it more than twice. It is horrid & pathetic, and obviously, these lads from Manchester should quit while they further tarnish their jaded reputation.",
61716,__label__1,Goodbye Oasis!: Definitely Maybe and What's the Story(Morning Glory) were classics! This one really sounds like horrible old car!Don't believe that Oasis is good anymore!,
61717,__label__1,"Not worth buying: This album is way off what I expect from this legendary group.The problem is, they have set the bar very high. (What's The Story) Morning Glory is possibly the greatest rock album ever. Be Here Now and Standing On The Shoulder Of Giants are also a superb albums.But there is not one song on Don't Believe The Truth that I consider an anthem. Don't get your hopes up!",
61718,__label__1,"hmm....: I'm one of the biggest Oasis fans out there. I own all the albums, all the singles, and all the DVDs. I can play all their popular songs on guitar. I've even got tickets for their tour this fall.BUT, this new CD does not do it for me. Call me old school, but I'm not liking this new Oasis. I think the druming is simplistic... same repetitive beat beat beat in Lyla and Mucky Fingers. The only good song is Let There Be Love. I certainly hope the new B-sides of this album sound like the old Oasis.Now, I'm kinda disappointed in their fall concert. Because I know the majority of the songs will probably be from this new album.",
61719,__label__2,"oasis: absolute brilliant album, i can't stop listening to it lol. Deffo hit oasis for gods liam is god shame it dont have some golden oldies on it. luvs jess",
61720,__label__2,"Can you say as good as ""Wonderwall'?: Best Oasis album since ""Morning Glory""! The last song on the album entitled ""let There be Love"" may actually be as good as ""Wonderwall. Pure pop perfection.",
61721,__label__2,BEST ALBUM SINCE WHATS THE STORY MORNING GLORY: Well... just heard it as a promo adn i must say Oasis have gone back to their roots and now have turned up with the their best album since Whats the Story Morning Glory. A def. buy and must have item for the summer and its always good to album that will be a piece of music history.,
61722,__label__2,"Buy it, it's awsome! Do-ya-know-what-I-Mean?.....: I've loved Oasis since the beginning. Who would have thought that British-guitar-pop would have provided a welcome breath of fresh air from the ""I'm so sad in my gap flannel shirt"" 90's music. Matured & assured enough to share the writing credits amongst themselves-it's how this band should sound in 2005. Theres not a throw-away in the bunch. If you have not listened to Oasis in awhile, nows the time to get back in. For the faithfull, you wont be dissapointed. Even at their weakest musical moments, they still rule over most! Buy it!",
61723,__label__2,"A New Classic for Oasis!!: Previous to this Cd, I was a little skeptical- I had been spoiled by ""Morning Glory"" and disappointed by ""Standing...""Heathen Chemistry seemed the right direction.On first listen,I thought ok not bad- but from the starting notes of ""Turn Up The Sun"" to the last bars of ""Let There Be Love"", I became amazed that The WHOLE group could put something out so consistent.Real contributions From Liam and other members in writing really impressed me.There is no filler on this one.Personal favourites:""Keep The dream Alive"", ""Lyla"",""Part of The Queue"",""The Importance Of Being Idle"",""Love Like A Bomb"", ""Let There Be Love"".If there is a replacement for"" Morning Glory"" THIS is it!One thing I found a little cool: Zack Starkey(Ringo Starr's son) played the drums on this one.he plays well- Noel will have to put up with further comparisons to The Beatles-.",
61724,__label__2,"amazing!: i love this cd and its one of my fav oasis albums up to date. Every song on the album is top notch. My personal favorites are turn up the sun, lyla , Part Of The Queue and love like a bomb but every track is amazing like I said. It's the best new album I've heard in awhile.",
61725,__label__2,"Another Great Release!: The lads from Manchester continue with their strong form to release their sixth studio album Don't Believe The Truth.What is immediately noticeable with this album is how much the band has matured musically. Oasis have probably realized they've proven themselves countless times and that they no longer have anything left to prove to the listener. What this results in is a more complete sound: a band that has thrown all caution to the wind to record an album that is more sincere and straight from the heart.That is why there is no point in comparing The Truth with (What's The Story) Morning Glory? or Be Here Now, because the focus of the music has completely changed. But of course, what still remains is the attitude, which frankly, Oasis couldn't get rid of even if they consciously tried to.Listen without prejudice and you will love this record.",
61726,__label__2,"Great Rock 'N Roll - loving it!: I only janked off a star from Oasis' 2005 release, ""Don't Believe The Truth"" simply because there are quite a few moments throughout the album where I feel like I am listening to a line from the Stones (""Lyla"") or The Beatles (""Let There Be Love""). But this aside (which is nothing 'new' in terms of Oasis' work), this is a solid Rock 'N Roll album to love and to blast through your speakers. After more than ten years around, and still standing tall among a sea of other rock acts, the sound of Oasis continues to come through loud and clear.",
61727,__label__2,"Radical Hippy is a grade A a-hole!: He writes the same crap about Oasis over and over. He thinks they are unoriginal and that they rip off the Beatles. It's not a rip-off, it's a tribute you dumbass. They love the Beatles and like incorporating certain elements of their music into their own. Oasis manage to be original without ripping anyone off. No one should read what Radical Hippy writes because it's BS.",
61728,__label__2,"Get It While You Can!: I first heard pianist Richie Beirach on an LP from the early 1980s titled ""Rendevous."" Regrettably I don't think it was ever released on CD. But Beirach's ""Common Heart"" has and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves gorgeous solo piano work. Beirach explores nine pieces including two of his own compositions. One of them, ""The Last Rhapsody,"" was also performed on the ""Rendevous"" LP. It alone is worth the price, but all of the pieces here are outstanding. I have the feeling that this CD will not be around for long so get it while you can. I'm glad I have my copy!",
61729,__label__2,"Engaging combination of personal experience and history: Wheeler combines historical accounts of exploration with her own physical and emotional experiences. I found this book in a library, read it, purchased it and then re-read it. Her accounts of her experiences with scientists and their work are fascinating, and she made me laugh aloud several times. Her account of shared time at a remote site with an artist is an intriguing, interesting 'inside' picture of two artists sharing a unique environment, and contributing to each other's work. Her descriptions of her deeper reactions to the landscape are well done and left me realizing how difficult it must be to write well about such an experience",
61730,__label__2,"Combines modern and historic perspectives with humour: A complete guide to the Antarctic experience, Sara interweaves anecdotes, history, humour and impressions until you feel as if you have been there with her. She loved her first visit so much that she returned to winter over on the Ice.",
61731,__label__2,"Picture of Antarctica as it is today: Antarctica from the perspective of a woman is a unique find. While the book includes excerpts from explorers past, it gives a good picture of what living down there is really like now. A worthy read.",
61732,__label__2,"Absolutely magical and real at once: Extraordinary. Made me laugh and cry at once. Deadpan British humour and intriguing detail coexists along soaringly touching, even mystical, reverie. There is nothing sentimental about Wheeler's love for the Antarctic. This is a real journey told with incredible candour. It's a privilege to have read it.One of Wheeler's cleverest adjectives to describe detailed, jewel-like writing that she admires is ""lapidary."" She uses it twice in the book to describe the Antarctic writing of other authors. But HER OWN writing is as jewel-like and detailed in the extreme. What an extraordinary book. It's not like a book at all - it's like a world.",
61733,__label__1,"Not the best book: The book goes on and on about Scott and guys who went to the Antarctic about a zillion years ago. The author continually says bad things about everyone she meets, then tells how they all loved her and threw parties for her. She marginalizes or even ignores the work of the people she meets. I read the book to learn about Antarctica, not about her. Having read the book, I know more about her and no more about Antarctica than I did before I read the book. Forget this book; don't bother reading it unless you're one of Sara's ""friends"" (be careful of the back-stabbing).",
61734,__label__1,"sara cognita: This is an account of travels within Sara Wheeler's mind, while her body just happened to be in Antarctica at the time. You will enjoy this book if you accept it as literature with frosty landscapes in the background.You will dislike this book if you want to learn anything at all about the place ... it will still be largely incognita when you have finished reading.Wheeler is part of the stereotype of female travel writers who are obsessed with the effect places and people have upon themselves; compare males who minutely describe the scenes and processes of travel.Antarctica seems to have an effect on its visitors which Wheeler adequately conveys. But you won't learn anything at all about why people work there, or what they have discovered.",
61735,__label__2,"Marvellous description of live on a base: Wheeler paints a vivid picture of life on the Antartic base where she worked as a resident writer. The sterotypes she unearths (The Brits Old Boy approach, the Italians with their expresso machine) add to one of the most enjoyable, humorous books I've read in months.",
61736,__label__2,"A thoughtful and intelligent travel book: This is a wonderful, beautiful book that takes you to a place that most of us can only dream of. The author has an intelligent and witty voice and can tell a good story well - there are some really memorable passages that stay with you long after you've put the book down.This is one of those rare travel books that make you feel like you've been there yourself, so much so that I'll never have to pollute Antarctica with my presence, at least...",
61737,__label__1,"At times tedious, this modern visit informs.: If the reader has little exposure to the writings of the original polar explorers, then the frequent asides to create a context for Sara Wheeler's observations is probably informative. I found the historical asides to interrupt the flow of Ms. Wheeler's thoughts and feelings upon being exposed to the immensity of Antarctica for the first time.",
61738,__label__2,"Great read: I happened upon a free reviewer copy of this book at work, took it home and let it sit for a while, then read it on a summer camping trip. Wonderful stuff and makes me want all the more to visit Antarctica.",
61739,__label__1,"poor sara: Sadly this could have been a tremendous book about the wonders of Antarctica and polar research but it became another paid writer just scratching the surface while ranting about why everyone did not think Sara was wonderful. Another VIP complaining about the hardships of Antarctica, did she think it was Disney? Sara ought to take the time and try and learn why Antarctica and polar research is so important.",
61740,__label__1,"Rather thin travel book: Sarah's book could have been much better had she left her British haughtiness at home. Her fascination with Chilean political history takes a lot away from her usual travel insights. When she compared Allende's last days with that of Jesus Christ, his farewell the same as Jesus' farewell to his disciples, that becomes a little much. And of course, most of Chile's problems come from, where else, the US of A! Hitler, she observes, was the ""Nixon of that era."" She's just one of the people, she hints, but can't help but comment on how smelly some of the peasants are, and when a servant in a luxurious hacienda brings her a drink, she refers to him as a ""flunkey."" So, let her get back to her travel books with some pretty penetrating observations about people and place, and she'll do OK. But ""Travels in a Thin Country"" is pretty thin.",
61741,__label__1,"Ventures Beached in Hawaii: This has all the titles,etc. of the originals, but in comparing the music to originals, I have to believe these are re-recordings by another artist.If you want originals, buy originals. This item did not offer samples of the tracks which is unfortunate, since I would not have ordered this CD if I could have heard it first.",
61742,__label__1,"A poorly researched and truly terrible book: Those interested in either Pentacostalism or Comparative Religions would do better to look elsewhere. This is truly one of the most morely researched and speciously written books on any subject, let alone religion, that I have ever read. Cox's work is filled with so many examples of inaccuracy and simple foolishness that I wouldn't know where to begin.This is definately a book to avoid",
61743,__label__1,"Enjoyable read, not really academic: This book is an odd mixture of personal narrative and some history. This may be an important point, since from a research perspective its practically useless. On the flip side, this makes the book an easy, smooth read. Its weird that the title seems to present this as some kind of important academic work, it reads more like the memoir of a religion professor, without the footnotes and research that would make it academically useful.",
61744,__label__2,"Fire From Heaven: Although I am not very far into the book, it is well written and keeps your interest. I am looking forward to finishing this book. I would highly recommend it. Others in my class like this book as well.",
61745,__label__2,Fire from Heaven: I think the book was very good because it let you know where the pencostal came from and it do tell you something about the origin of the penecostal.,
61746,__label__1,"Ice Road Truckers Season Two is a bust!: Ice Road Truckers - The Complete Season 1 (History Channel)was a unique query into the phenomena of ""At The Top of The World"" ice road trucking. An eclectic group of ice road drivers, the bleeped out language, interaction between drivers and the sheer ""man vs the elements"" made for quite an enjoyable series.Season Two was a bit of a disappointment. The weeks depicting the gas drill rig being moved and reassembled was good but watching week after week of Hugh ""The Polar Bear"" driving a waste truck, Rick transporting dirty snow and Drew delivering candy & soda just killed the novelty of the whole series. I'll be taking a pass on Season Two!Ice Road Truckers: The Complete Season Threehas been a delight with the show moving to the USA. Notice that because this year has been in the US, all drivers are wearing seat belts; even our lovable Canadian drivers. Perhaps next season will be in the Asian Arctic. That would be ""cool""!",
61747,__label__2,Ice road truckers: This dvd set is a must for anyone who has ever driven a big rig or anyone who has ever wanted to. It gives a great view into the lifes of the men that risk it all for the money. It shows the beauty of the north and also the dangers. It takes you into the cab and out onto the road for a first hand look at what its all about in the race for the cash.,
61748,__label__1,"over and over again: Season one was much better,too many scenes repeated,sub-titles flashed on and off faster than you could read them and too much emphasis on ""Rick the Wreck"" and his constant whining.These drivers all seem to hate each other and the show seems to focus on that.Alex seems to be the only one with a sense of humor and a good attitude.Too bad he is ill and hope he has a full recovery.I will pass if there is a season three!!",
61749,__label__1,"Design Flaw: I bought this doorbell button at Home Depot (they sell the exact same thing at Lowes under a different name) It looks great and by looks alone it was exactly what I was looking for, however I returned it because the two plastic pieces that are used to mount it are poorly designed. The directions say they are supposed to ""snap"" together... no such luck. I went back to Home Depot and exchanged it with hopes that maybe I just had a bad one... I guess the Heath Zenith quality-control person was out sick that day because neither one worked.If you're not willing to spend $30 for this ($25 for the button and $5 for super-glue to fix what Heath Zenith didn't), you might be better off looking for another doorbell and another brand.Pros: Looks greatCons: Doesn't work - I guess you pay extra for thatSorry Heath Zenith... this was a waste of my time and money.",
61750,__label__2,"After Viewing,All Baseballs Hit Will Land Fair! Incredible Stuff!: My grandfather used to tell me about Wee Willie Keeler who was a remarkable hitter, whose advice to hitters was, ""Keep your eye clear, and hit 'em where they ain't"" -- ""they"" being the opposing fielders. If Keeler had seen HITTING DRILLS & TECHNIQUES, he might have felt like he was swinging a tennis racquet. Well, Keeler is gone but if you have sons in Little League or daughters in softball, this video will not only raise their batting average but their love of the game will increase. I've never seen hitting explained in such a simple and common sense way. Tell your kids, it's not the bat, and view this program. If you practice the techniques in this program and do the drills, a .400 average will not be too far off.EXCELLENT BASEBALL HITTING TIPS!",
61751,__label__1,"NOT Glass: The description of this item is extremely misleading. The lamp shade is not made of glass, but is plastic. Since it is plastic, it is necessarily not ""hand leaded"" either. This item should be pulled until the product description is revised to reflect the actual quality of materials used in the lamp.",
61752,__label__1,"what a joke: I totally thought this lamp was beautiful,which it is-BUT if this lamp is glass and not plastic I'm a monkeys uncle,come on how mis leading. Also I know the colors can differ but really lacks color.",
61753,__label__1,"piano wise: I remember Liberace from when he had his tv program in the 50's...but his piano CD I ordered was sooo pathetic I just cannot play it...I hated it...and I dont quite know why...since I used to like his playing...I am sorry I ordered it, I put it out in the garbage but I noticed someone picked it up ( along with a few other cd's etc)...I wished him good luck with that...regards, Janet Pollock",
61754,__label__2,"Best book on Windows Policies/Profiles I've read yet: Well ok, it is also the first book dedicated to the subject I've read as well. Having always dug through Tech Net articles or the one or two chapters most books give to system policies and profiles (and don't even get me started on the lousy Resource Kits) it was very refreshing to have such a well done book on the subject.The author covers Win NT4, Win 9x and Win2K. He's documented all the exceptions and changes the Resource Kits do not. Mr. Wilkins even manages to write in a style approachable to both the new administrator as well as the seasoned one. If you are going to roll out policies/profiles get this book.",
61755,__label__1,"Windows 2000 came later: I'm very disappointed: I've bought this book hoping to find the advertized help about Win2K policies but all I've got about this subject is ONE chapter, 30 pages or so over 500 in the book. It looks like this chapter has been put into the book after the book itself was already done: infact, except for the specific chapter, the book always talks about the forthcoming Windows NT 5 operating system... Don't call it Windows 2000 System Policies, call it Windows 9X and NT with a quick and incomplete look to Windows 2000.",
61756,__label__1,"Harve Benard Women's Plus Size Stretch Pant: Product description did not say that pants were 18Long. Since I am 5'1"", they are unwearable and will have to be sent back.",
61757,__label__2,"Old photograph collectors...: This book is a great guide to preserving and dating old photographs for the family and local history researcher as well as the photograph collector. The author, Diane Gagel, is an expert on this subject due to her long experience as an archivist and family historian. The book is well organized, easy to read, and uses illustrations to show and tell. This book also lists sources for materials as well as more publications for further reference. Must have for anyone who wants to preserve a photo collection.",
61758,__label__2,"2 Thumbs Up!!: This is my favorite book! All's Fair in Love, War and High Schoolia a hilarious book! Samantha is a popular girl who gets into a bet with her ex-boyfriend Logan about not insulting anyone for 2 weeks, which she really doesn't want to lose beacause if she loses, she has to go out with a guy who Quote: ""and he let out a cross between a yodel and a gorilla being strangled."". Quote: ""Samantha, you couldn't walk into a room of 6 people without insulting 5 of them."" As they say, All's Fair in Love, War and High School.",
61759,__label__2,"A cut above the usual teen romance: Jannette Rallison's ""All's Fair in Love, War, and High School"" lives up to its title, and rises above the usual predictable teen romance. Head cheerleader Samantha Taylor has the looks to attract just about any guy, but can't hold onto any of them beyond six weeks. Seems Samantha has a problem...she can't bite her tongue, and her acid insults have driven away boyfriends, best friends, you name it. When she scores a composite 810 on the SAT, it rocks her perfect world. Determined to go to college, rather than flip burgers for a living, she decides to run for class president. Samantha is a completely believable character, and it is fun to watch her change her shallow self little by little. I didn't want the book to end!",
61760,__label__2,"Where's the DVD??: I don't usually chime in with my opinions, however I've been cooling my jets for several years awaiting the DVD of this film. Being raised in a church that vigorously supported missionary work may have added a facet to why I found this film compelling. It juxtaposes the ""good"" that missionaries intend with the ravages to their targeted society created by their intervention. James Michener in ""Hawaii"" was my first foray into the consequences of ""interfering"" in other societies. This film is populated by some real heavyweight actors. At the beginning it felt like the actors were out of their usual type of role. Sometime before the end, they felt perfectly cast. Please Please give us the DVD and as long as I'm begging, having it on video on demand would have me jumping with joy.",
61761,__label__2,"I have been waiting along time for the DVD: I absolutely love this movie and requested it on DVD along time ago. Why isn't it on DVD yet. There are many movies that aren't even close to being this good on DVD, so whats the deal? If your out there reading this Universal, please put this on DVD.",
61762,__label__2,"western idealogy in the indigenous cultures of the amazon.: I love this movie and am awaiting its release on dvd wide screen. I have the movie and the sound track. I have been to Las Amazonas 5 times to visit indigenous cultures and have seen first hand what has happened there with the influx of missionaires. The protestant (evangelicas) versus the catholics. This film represents the indigenous view of the missionaries and is resplendent in its phototography. I have read the book by Peter Mathiessen and the movie follows the book well. When you view the movie, listen to the sound track. It will entrance you.",
61763,__label__2,"Second-Best Missionary movie next to ""Black Robe"": Admittedly this movie is long (not boring) and takes about thirty minutes to catch its speed, but patience (on your part) soon turns into ""I can't leave the couch, because what in the world is going on...and where did my nachos go?"" The characters are all equally engaging with their own personal stories inside the overall plot. The dialogue is crisp and meaningfull, like in a good play, and Kathy Bates turns in a better performance than in ""Misery"" which she won an academy award for. Darryl Hannah also turns in a memorable performance to say the least (can you say Splash without the long hair?) Beautiful cinematography, intriguing story, good-acting, and a portion of the world we hardly get to see all add up to a movie that should be in the home theater library of anyone who likes movies that make you forget the time of day.",
61764,__label__2,Where oh where is the DVD??: I've written a review here before and I agree with the majority of the reviews that this is a stunning and beautiful movie. My question is - where is the DVD release? How long do we have to wait for this? Please release the DVD to the public.,
61765,__label__2,As Advertised. Good seller.: Tape was as advertised. Great movie. Good condition. Fast shipping. Would buy from again.Norma & Troy,
61766,__label__2,"Good Movie: Good to see this hadr-to-find movie again. Slight tracking problem on the VHS in one spot, but didn't detract. Received in good time. Thanks.",
61767,__label__2,"Tom Berenger totally naked!: I will be 100% honest. I had purchased this video, because Tom Berenger had extensive nudity. Tom stripped down to nothing and walked away while his hot butt wiggled. It was a fine ass. He ultimately walked into a gathering of people frontally nude. He was a feast for the eyes. I was so happy that Tom had the balls do such a nude scene. The movie itself was decent. I would give 3 1/2 stars out of 5. For those who might have been interested, Daryl Hannah did a topless scene and Kathy Bates had a nude scene.",
61768,__label__1,"At Play in the Fields of the Lord [NON-USA FORMAT, PAL., Reg.2 Import - SPAIN }: I had been waiting for 'At Play in the Fields of the Lord' to be released on DVD for a number of years and was truly delighted to find that this movie was released on DVD in Spain.I must admit that after receiving the purchased DVD, I was really disappointed with the quality. It must have been made from a copy of Video or something like that. My advice is do not waste your money on purchasing this import version!",
61769,__label__2,"Where's the DVD???: This is one of the best movies I have seen, period. I can't believe it isn't on DVD. Of all the ""junk"" movies they put on DVD and no one buys, why isn't a movie like this available to the thousands (who knows how many) of people who are just waiting to buy it? Maybe some critics didn't like it but there are sure a lot of people who did.",
61770,__label__2,"Bates gives incredible performance!: This is a 1991 film, but don't miss it! It's a rather long tale, but you won't be bored a single minute. Bates gives a stellar performance as the wife of a missionary sent to convert the 'jungle natives'. When the mission goes very wrong, she goes mad. Berenger plays a native american who flies them in on a plane, and after he sees the bravery of a jungle native, strives to return to his 'wild heritage' by heading out to join the tribe. It's a great tale of how horribly wrong things can go when the white world tries to force their ways upon a primitive culture. It's a very deep, passionate, historic movie that warrants being watched at least twice. All the actors seem to 'feel' the importance of its message and give their roles one-hundred percent. Bravo!Chrissy K. McVay - Author",
61771,__label__1,"At Play in the Fields of the Lord: I gave it a low rating because we were not able to change the sub titles to english.Unfortunately this is an American Movie, but do not sell an English version, though the talking is in English.I am just sad that you do not have the movie for sale in America.",
61772,__label__2,"In The Amazon: This movie crys out for a powerful acting performance. It lacks what many good movies seem to lack. It lacks a standout actress or actor. Yes, Kathy Bates is good but she is a supporting actress throughout the movie.I would recommend reading the book before watching the film. Like all good movies the script started from a good source.The matter of nudity is one of ignorance. Of course, it wouldn't be realistic to have everyone in jeans walking around the jungle.",
61773,__label__1,"Hello, it's 2011? Where is the DVD?: I've never seen this movie, but have read the book at least 3 times as it's one of my favorite stories. I'd really like to see it, but my VHS no longer works and well as everyone will agree VHS is ancient history these days. That is the only reason for the one star is because it has not come out on DVD. Come on and release in DVD! I cannot believe this isn't out in DVD format. It's ridiculous considering what movies do get put on DVD.",
61774,__label__1,"inappropriate: I will add to what was left out, in the rave reviews, I was grossed out and offended,after viewing 20 minutes of per teen boys running around naked in Brazilian rain forest . The explicit frontal nudity ,and the lingering frontal close ups of these little boys privates,would be considered child pornography in today's definition of child porn.",
61775,__label__2,Still Waiting: Well folks it is now 2012 and this movie came out in 1991. Where is the DVD many of us have been waiting for? Does anyone have any idea what the problem is concerning it's release to the public? Why won't the producer of this wonderful film release it as of yet. Also extras would be nice as well to give an update on what the environmental impact has been on the tribes in the Amazin since this movie was released. Any information would be of help.,
61776,__label__2,Please release on DVD: I can't wait it to release on DVD format. I loved this movie so much and It 's not bored to watch it many times.,
61777,__label__2,"tremendously written, a joy to read: This book, introduces the reader to the birth of the race: superbly crafted, it maintains the interest of the reader throughout. The rise and fall of 'Britain's"" influence in the early ages is exemplified by the powerful word of the great man",
61778,__label__2,"Daughter LOVES it: My daughter absolutely loves this. She's 11 and it's her first year in 6th grade. The other kids all had wal-mart style ""trapper keepers"" and she didn't like the look of them so she just carried around a few spiral notebooks. On a whim I ordered this to surprise her and she loved it.It took her about 4 minutes to cut out an oversized photo of her and all her friends to place in the front and stuff it full of odds and ends. She couldn't be happier.Pros: Washable with a moist cloth.Photo in the front makes your kid feel like it's ""customized"" for them.Cons: The picture cover (protector?) is pink (as shown in the pic - the round center area) so any pics have a heavy pink tint when viewing from the outside. They could have made it clear and it would have been better for pics.Zipper gets ""sticky"" sometimes.",
61779,__label__2,It's OK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: when i first bought this item i absolutely loved it!!!!!!But when i started to load it with all my stuff i had a problem closing it!!!!!!!!!!the problem went on for about 3 weeks.and then it stoped!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,
61780,__label__1,"Denpo 12 Door Stand - No Wheels: What a waste of $60.00 plus dollars. This product is too small, too flimsy and difficult to adjust. Does not hold hollow masonite doors well, cannot imagine solid wood doors in this device. Amazon product pictures are deceptive. Not a tool to take to the jobsite. However if you desire a $60.00 paperweight, go for it.",
61781,__label__1,"Great until it DIED: I bought this printer about 2 years ago. Up until tonight it has printed great. I would say that I didn't even come close to printing 500 pages with this printer in that time. Probably much less. I replaced the ink once, relatively recently.Tonight, I print one page. It turns off and that's all she wrote. Nothing. Won't turn on anymore. tried everything I know to get it back to life.2 stars, sorry Canon you'll have to do better than 2 years. My old HP lasted 10. My Samsung lasted 5. I'll try Kodak next. What a bummer.",
61782,__label__2,"all in one: Makes nice copies, although it is slow. Scanner is more complicated than the HP we had. Haven't tried photo's yet. Might buy again if had to do it over, but would have done more research, as I relied on Consumer Reports and they claim this is one of the best.",
61783,__label__2,Great! Way more printer than we need!: This is a great printer...way more than we need or will begin to understand...but we are very happy with the quality and how easy it is to use. I would buy again!,
61784,__label__2,Canon Pixma MP810 all-in-one: I really like that I have everything I need in one product. It saved me from adding another USB port. I love that I can take film and print pictures from it since I am a photo buff. The only draw back was finding the film slot under the document cover.The illustration was not clear to me in booklet.,
61785,__label__1,"Buyer Beware: Cartridge scam: Seriously: watch out. This monster has proprietary cartridges that are verified via microchip. Fine. But the bigger problem is that the microchips tend to malfunction. When they do, and the printer can't recognize its cartridges, it shuts down completely--no printing, but also no scanning!!! Just appalling. I'm sending mine back asap. Do a google search to confirm this is a widespread problem, if you're skeptical.",
61786,__label__1,Not what I expected: The printer works good--quick. Scanner is good. The colors are not vibrant though. Everything is dull. We have tried a variety of papers and nothing seems to make any of the colors pop. We are considering looking into a laser printer instead.,
61787,__label__2,"Great scanning and printing quality: Overlooking the massive size of this printer and the lack of an auto 4x6 tray, this printer is awesome. Very pleased with this purchase.",
61788,__label__2,All in One Photo Printer: I have not used it too much and am still exploring it. The CD with all the software demands lots of memory on the computer but the quality of the printing (photos) and text and the scanning seems very good. It is fairly large but seems to be well worth the money.,
61789,__label__2,printing: PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD;HOWEVER it was shipped with wrong print head.No printer for over a week.,
61790,__label__2,Canon Pixma MP810 ROCKS!: This is my 5th Canon Printer but the first multi-purpose printer I have owned. Just love it. Photo prints are superb. Negative and slide scans are brilliant. I really like the individual ink cartridges so I only have to replace single colors as they run out. Very easy to use. Would definitely recommend. I have never been disappointed with any of my Canon printers and have only replaced them to upgrade not because of any problems.,
61791,__label__2,"Nice Case: This is a great case. Overall smaller than I thought it would be (based on the pictures) but can easily fit 4 pistols with 2 mags each (1 mag in the sidearm 1 more next to it.) Seems pretty durable and nothing moves around. I got 2 of these and would get more if/when I need the storage.Pros- Inexpensive compared to similar offerings- Plastic has nice texture and seems durable- Has spot for lock(s)- Hold 4 pistols easilyCons- Price (it can always be cheaper!)- Hinges look like they would be the only thing to ever break on the case, but they seem sturdy enough so that might not even be a con.",
61792,__label__2,A must 4:20 See: Siskel & Ebert reviewed this as the muppets on Acid. This movie is definatly not for young kids but this is a definate must for any stoner.,
61793,__label__2,"The Feeble way of life: I have seen this movie and I think it is great. It, although being low budget and somewhat poor quality, was very well done. My favorite part was the Walrus/ cat blowjob scene. I didn't know they could do that! Wow, you should all see this movie, its very funny, and some might say its educational. I think this movie is even a compliment to anyone with ""the big one"" a real reflection of my lifestyle, I'll tell you that much. Tee hee hee. BYE BYE.",
61794,__label__2,"Vile, Vulgar and Funny: ""Meet the Feebles"" is one of the most disgusting movies of all time, but this is the charm of the movie. It repulses the viewer while at the same time making the average person laugh at its filthiness. My only complaint is that the movie is slugish in several spots and often gets caught in a web of problems because of this, but overall it is a must see.",
61795,__label__2,"Great film, but not for children.: I would recommend this movie, for maybe ages 12+. I found it hilarious, fully of sleazy humour and explicitly graphic violence. A must see!",
61796,__label__1,"Meet the Feebles: The transfer quality of this disk is extremely poor. I was shocked to see something look this bad on dvd. The package is bare bones, with no indication of sound mix or size format. I would say poor mono for sound and the disk is full frame.Had I known the package would be of this quality I would have waited for a larger label to pick up the rights to press this disk.",
61797,__label__1,"More bad than good: Meet The Feebles is to the Muppet Show as Mickey the Rat is to cartoons. Another way to put it is the Muppet Show on Acid. There really are some funny bits in the movie, especially the flash back scene and the end sequence. For the casual movie watch this probably ain't your thing. For peopel interested in the work of Peter Jackson or can suffer through the bad for the good, pick it up.",
61798,__label__1,what the [] is this !!!: i dont really know how everyone can think this is such a good movie. i liked Dead Alive and i am about to watch bad taste but this movie is incredibly boring. i gave it two stars because i thought the movie had an intresting concept but it just didnt cut it. i fell asleep in the first hour of the film and just dont understAND WHAT EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT. IT DID HAVE SOME INTRESTING LINES IN IT THAT I THOUGHT WERE FUNNY THOUGH.P.S. the dvd extras are worse than the movie!!!,
61799,__label__1,"Muppets on crack: Dead Alive director Peter Jackson directs his 2 second film after his first film Bad Taste. The movie is sick and disgusting but at times hilarious that its hailed as the muppets on crack but the humor seems copied from a South Park episode and the movie gets quite disgusting(Showing scenes filled with drugs,sex,or gore) and the muppet-like characters are nasty and the whole movie fills like your watching 2 hours of odd cinema from the director of Dead Alive. The funny parts are when the frog has flashbacks of his Vietnam duty or when the fly gets flushed down a toilet and they said he wanted to be a journalist and the only thing left behind was a journal floating around a toilet. The sick parts are the rat making porno in the basement and when the rabbit is popping his herpes and brown pus shoots on the mirror.Please rent but do not buy because you do something better with your time or money.",
61800,__label__1,Only for those with an odd mind: This is like the muppets on acid. I think the average person would not enjoy this movie. I found it odd and did not enjoy it.I am a fan of peter jackson and I did like dead alive.The puppets are well done and the music is appropriate. Maybe this is much funnier if you are under the influence of something...,
61801,__label__2,great movie all together: I can only agree with everyone who ever saw this movie. Its by far one of the greatest movies ever made. loveable characters great storyline truely a movie you have to own you'll want to watch it over and over again and if by some miracle you get tired of it just hide it somewhere for a couple of years and you'll wish you hadn't,
61802,__label__2,"Not 4 wimps!: If you are easily offended by South Park-type humor, then stick to the Disney section of your local video outlet. Feebles pulls no punches, makes no apologies. Heavy on lewd conduct, bodily secretions and other behavior you would never expect from those cuddly li'l muppets. Definately a must see for the sick and twisted child within you.",
61803,__label__1,"3 stars for the movie....: ....1 star for the DVD transfer=2 stars overall.Mostly vivid, interesting movie is hindered by the poor quality print schlepped onto DVD (but helped by the bargain price!). There is nothing great here, folks, but it probably will keep the average fan of ecclectic films awake to the end. For uniqueness alone, it deserves a viewing by those who enjoy unusual films. ""Meet the Feebles"" is to ""The Muppets"" what ""Fritz the Cat"" is to ""Bambi""!",
61804,__label__2,"This IS a movie about love!: This is a response to the Aug 7th review trashing the movie because its base and disgusting, and continuing by saying we should watch a movie about courage, nobility and love.This IS a movie about courage, nobility and love! That's the genius of Peter Jackson. In the midst of all this debauchery and chaos, there really is a very simple, honest, love story between a heroic hedgehog and a virtuous poodle at the center of this cinematic masterpiece, and its masterfully contrasted against the false love of the hippo/actress and the walrus/stage manager that ultimately ends in betrayal and tragedy.Make no mistake, this really is a movie about the characters, despite the fact that discussions of the movie always center on the more sensationalistic aspects of it.",
61805,__label__2,"Insane movie marred by poor DVD transfer.: What if Kermit was a heroin addict? What if Miss Piggy packed heat? These are some of the crazy situations you'll meet backstage of ""Meet the Feebles"" -- an over-the-top, tasteless and bizarre tale of furry creatures in show-biz. The last musical number featuring a fox singing about a certain X-rated activity is a hilarious jaw-dropper!Sadly, this DVD seems to be nothing more than a simple transfer from the VHS version. No effort has gone into restoring or improving the smeary video or harsh sound -- and certainly no extras. Worth seeing if only to measure how far ""Lord of the Rings"" director Peter Jackson has come!",
61806,__label__2,"ANYONE WHO RATES THIS LOWER THAN 5 STARS IS A MORON!: This is probably THE FUNNIEST PUPPET MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN!!! At first viewing, its really hard to stomach due to its explicit nature... but this movie will soon become one of your top ten picks. Trust me. This movie is sooo bad, its good! Meet the Feeble's is about the horrible demize of a musical variety show, and it's actors. All the characters are played by these really cheap looking puppets in poor lighting. If someone decided to make a cocktail with the elements of Requiem for a Dream and The Muppet Show, you would have this movie! If you are into ""dark and twisted"" comedies like Death to Smoochy, Pink Flamingos, or Dead Alive, this is the movie for you! It's hilarious but obviously not for everyone.(...)",
61807,__label__1,"Jackson 10 Dead/Alive 0: Peter Jackson's second feature, a Muppet/splatter movie, is delightfully made and excellent fun for anyone with a warped sense of humour who always found the Henson creations cloyingly wholesome. But the movie deserves better than this pitiful Dead/Alive issue which looks awful and ignores all the possibilities of DVD. My old VHS copy looks twice as good. Avoid this release but get the movie - when someone who knows what they're doing puts it out.",
61808,__label__1,"Worst version on DVD: I love this film, but don't buy this version. I saw 'Meet the Feebles' first at the cinema and owned it on VHS in Australia, and then on DVD from the UK. The US version is horribly dark and doesn't have the color of the original. If you really want to see a good version of this buy a Region free DVD player and buy it from anywhere but the US. The UK version is good.",
61809,__label__2,"Disturbing. Sick. Hard to watch. Funny.: I have never seen a movie like this before. It was difficult to watch, but you couldn't help yourself, kind of like watching a car accident.It was pretty funny seeing cutesy animal puppets engaged in all sorts of immoral depravity. Especially disturbing was the fly journalist who delighted in exposing Harry the Hare's contraction of AIDS.It wasn't agreat movie but it's one you just have to see because it's so bizarre.",
61810,__label__1,"Worst movie I've ever seen: I saw the cover, and I thought to myself ""This is money! I HAVE to see this movie!"" That ended about 2 minutes in. I waited for the horrible torture to stop, but it didn't until I pressed the STOP button a few minutes in. Take a pass on this one and get something that doesn't wreak.",
61811,__label__1,"UNWATCHABLE: I like sick humor more than anybody I know, but I shut this movie off after 30 minutes. It's the first movie I have EVER shut off. It's that bad. I kept waiting for something good to happen, but it just kept getting worse and worse. Please don't see this movie.",
61812,__label__1,"A horrid tragedy of a movie: This movie is in the worst taste I have ever seen. You should buy it just so you can see how truly bad a movie can be. It will offend absolutely anyone. I've seen this video twice. The first time, I swore I'd never see it again. The second time I remembered why.",
61813,__label__1,"AAAAAHHHHHH!: To be fair, I can understand why people would enjoy this movie. It's a funny concept, there are some funny moments, and it's depraved, but in a funny sort of way. That's about where my appreciation of the movie stops. To be honest, I didn't find it offensive, just incredibly boring. Any one who has sat through a more mainstream entertainment, like 8mm for example, won't find it all that shocking in comparision. The only twist is that it's a puppet show, but even that isn't took shocking. In addition to finding it boring, I found to be pointless. What were they trying to achieve here? If this is a satire on children's entertainment, why not throw in a bright musical number? This could show how false and empty children's entertainment is, in contrast to how depraved this version of it is.",
61814,__label__1,"Do NOT watch this sick movie: ""Meet the feebles"" is the sickest movie I have ever been unfortunate enough to stumble upon. It is grotesque, and unbelievably bizarre. It turned my stomach. I strongly encourage you stay away from this bomb!",
61815,__label__1,"I don't have enough time in my life for this dreck: Whatever small value this film may hold, there are far better things you can be doing with your time. Why wallow in the base and disgusting when you don't have to? Is your time *really* better spent laughing at scatalogical ""humor"" than in contemplating more complex human emotions? Courage, honesty, nobility, love? Oh, but I've forgotten: those are much too serious and out of fashion.Do something else with your time, and your money. Read Socrates. Go find out what trees look like. Fall in love, even.",
61816,__label__1,"Worst Movie Ever: Rarely have I come across a movie as bad as Gummo, Dead Alive, Spice World, or Kazaam. Meet the Feebles however is truly terrible, and deserves its ranking as among the worst films I have had the misfortune to watch. I am not even going to bother reviewing it, suffice it to say that I would rather be kicked in the genitals than watch it again.",
61817,__label__2,"peter jackson. a jack of all trades.: one weird concoction. that is what i would describe peter jackson's ""meet the feebles"" it's like the muppet show gone wrong. we get walruses doing the nasty with cats, a mobster-like rat, and my favorite is how they play the stereotype of rabbits having sex all the time. peter jackson sure is a weirdo. but in an innocent and cute way. he is the type of director that will please your gorehounds and teenybopper media followers at the same time. i myself prefer the old days. meet the feebles is just one of peter's odd and gory movies. the other two are bad taste and dead alive.(aka braindead)",
61818,__label__2,"MUPPETS ON ACID IS AN UNDER STATEMENT!: This movie is pure insanity, once again you have to wonder what the hell is going on in Peter Jackson's head, but some things are best left alone. You really have to be a twisted individual to be able to sit through this movie and really sick if you like it and totally demented if you watch it more than once.Upon my third viewing of this film I realized that I loved it!Sex, Gore, and muppets, a recipe for cult status.",
61819,__label__2,"AMAZING! GOOD AUDIO TOO!: I purchased my copy from Amazon, and dispite what had been written in the past reviews, Amazon supplies a copy that has really good audio quality. It has been digitaly remastered and has enhanced audio. This movie is great! I enjoy and collect odd/twisted movies, and this is a prize find! If you buy 1 movie this year, make sure it's MEET THE FEEBLES!!! I also suggest you get it through amazon, strictly based on past reviews of copies purchased elsewhere. If you know of any other odd, twisted or evil-over the edge movies (other than ""I spit on your grave"") please e-mail titles to TMILES7@COGECO.CA Thanks, hope you enjoy this video",
61820,__label__2,"Discustingly funny!: We looked everywhere for this after seeing it years ago and had to pick up a copy! Although, it is pretty gross at parts, you can't help but laugh at the absurdness of these puppets doing the things they do! Can't believe the same guy ( Peter Jackson) who won awards for Lord Of the Rings came up with this stuff! lol We previously ordered this through Overman2000 and never recieved it, had to reorder through Amazon and we recieved it promptly... The box was broken in one spot and although it was supposed to be New the DVD was scratched pretty bad, it had come off the clip and was loose in it's box.... still worked thank goodness with no problems and Amazon gave us a discount on our next purchase and quickly responded to my emails. Overall, no complaints!",
61821,__label__2,"One of a kind: From start to finish this movie has something to offend or amuse just about everybody. Porn-peddling, whoremongering, violent, sadistic muppets. Well worth the watch.Note: A few years back some guy butchered his grilfriend as they watched this movie. I'm not sure if it influenced him in any way but I certainly wouldn't be suprised. So girls, if you bf's invite you over to watch this film you'd better watch your butt.",
61822,__label__1,"Worst Movie Ever: Okay, so it may not be the worst movie ever, but it definately ranks way down there. As far as I can see, it has only one redeeming segment. The scene where the alligator (or whatever it was) is having drug induced Vietnam flashbacks, that was pretty good. In fact, if that had been the only scene, I might have given this movie a good review. The rest of the movie was the sorriest piece of trash I have ever had the misfortune to sit through. I turned the movie off about half way through because it was so bad. I then watched the second half to see if it could get any worse... and it did. This movie was not funny, intelligent, thought provoking, or even mildly entertaining. The only emotions it got out of me was loathing and numbness.",
61823,__label__1,"Not funny, not campy funny--please don't drink the Peter Jackson Koolaid: Would you give this movie a chance if you didn't know Peter Jackson made it? I doubt it. Lame, laborious, not funny even in a campy way. A hippo version of Miss Piggy. Whatever, dude. If you just think you have to worship Peter Jackson or have a muppet fetish fine, otherwise you can find much better ways to waste your limited brain cells and time . . .",
61824,__label__1,....wow....: my boyfriend talked about this movie all the time so i bought it for him and we watched it. some parts were ok but some were messed up..and i relly didnt like it...it was kinda dumb..and not the good kind of dumb...,
61825,__label__1,"Correction.. ZERO stars: This was the absolute lamest movie I have ever seen. If you watch this and actually somehow like it, then you must have eaten some paint chips as a child. Seriously though, this movie was as painful to watch as it was to realize that I have actually spent money to rent it. I'm stupider for having watched it, and I suggest that you all take a pass on this one.",
61826,__label__1,"If I could give it no stars, I would: I'm sorry to all those who proclaim this to be one of the best ""twisted"" films they've seen; there is no possible way that I will be able to say one good thing about this incredibly sick, sick show. While I realize that everybody must try to expand their horizons, etc., etc., this movie went over the boundaries of decency and was just plain wrong. The disgusting bathroom humor, which is a major turn-on for some individuals, will not please most audiences. The innuendos and other sordid details are in extremely bad taste. Please rent this movie before you buy it; it might be right up your alley, but I hope not. I was dumber after seeing this movie.",
61827,__label__1,"Just Plain Horrible: This was the saddest movie I have EVER seen. Defecation, sex, drugs and AIDS should be serious subjects. When ignorant people sadly rip off one of America's great geniuses, Jim Henson, and then throw in the most repulsive subject matter, it really depresses me. Burn it.",
61828,__label__2,"I saw this film 14 times - ONE WEEKEND!!!: I saw this film 14 (yes 14!) times one weekend, it's an experience that will live with me forever! I can't say I totally understand every facet of the film even now, but in the kind of way that you have to look into your handkercheif after blowing your nose this is one of the best films of all time!!!!!",
61829,__label__2,"Great Movie but this is the edited version: I rented this a while back and I loved it. However, this American version has some scenes missing. If you are a purist, you will want to find the complete Canadian version. If it doesn't matter to you, go ahead and get this one, it is still funny as hell.",
61830,__label__1,"Bad video quality: This movie is great, I would rate it about 4 to 4.5 stars. This review, at two stars, is about the DVD release from ""Substance"".The DVD is 4:3 full screen, cropping the movie's original aspect ratio of 1.78:1. There are no extras on this DVD, barely even a menu. The video looks like it has been taken from a second-generation VHS tape. The colors are bleeding and are overly saturated. Everything looks mushy.I'm not sure why they did not do this right. The very next DVD in their lineup, Peter Jackson's ""Bad Taste"", looks great. It has a crisp 1.66:1 aspect ratio image in an anamorphic frame, and it contains a 25 minute making-of featurette. Why could they not give this Peter Jackson movie the same treatment?",
61831,__label__1,"yawn: Well i had high hopes for this movie dispite its many negative reviews but in the end it ended up being a waste of an hour and a half. If i were a kid i might think some of the jokes funny but as an adult who has seen most of them all before this movie had little to offer and didnt shock or offend me but rather bored me. (spoiler) about the only memorable scene in the movie for me was the frog junky's flashback to nam and even that wasnt very funny but i always enjoy deer hunter parodies and seeing it from a junky frogs perspective was mildly entertaining. The rest of the movie was pea soup vomit gags and lengthy dialogue that lead no where. One star for the attempt at humor and one star for pitty, not the worste way to spend your time but theres not enough weed in Jamaca to make this flick funny.",
61832,__label__1,"DON'T BUY: This book has too many obvious errors. Yes, it will help you but why pay for a book that has poor publishing and proofreading. If the publisher/author would like to contact me ... please post a comment here.",
61833,__label__1,Incomplete and misleading: AS with the Desktop (70-176) book in this series the full syllabus in not covered - where are Resource Managers? Shared property manager etc.Also misleading - as with desktop book.You will learn something - but not all you need!,
61834,__label__1,"Don't buy: This book will not help to pass the exam. The questions are not even similar to the exam's questions. Some things in the book are over explained, that you could think that the reader never have seen VB before, and other more complicated topics are just touched.I would not recommend this book, not only because of waisted money, but because of waisted time.",
61835,__label__1,Do Not Purchase This Book: Do not purchase this book. I have completed seven chapters and have come across two clear errors in the review questions. Readers attempting to prepare for the Visual Basic 6.0 Distributed Applications exam must have accurate information in the text AND accurate answers to the review questions.,
61836,__label__1,"incomplete syllabus, bad questions: This book explains VB 6 in simple language so that even the idiot can understand VB 6 features. However, the content is simple as well and can't help you to pass the exam.Try the exam guide by Howard Hawhee. I'm not sure whether it is the best, but it is second to none so far.",
61837,__label__2,"A must read for every minister's wife: I bought this book for my wife's birthday at her request (men never know what to get!) and she absolutely loved it. The humorous and down to earth anecdotes provided just the right encouragement for her. She has already told me she plans to read this book at least once every year. Husband, you can't go wrong with this one!",
61838,__label__1,"A CULT BOOK: Here is another cult book.It consists of discourses in response to narrow mind-sets of such as middle-class women in Los Angeles between 1920 and 1952, before color TV and things like that.Some parts could be worth chewing on.",
61839,__label__2,"great guitars: the guitar work on this album is great (one mark templin) and i really enjoyed it. plus one song from this album (go with me ) was on a hellraiser soundtrack. all in all a very good find , give it a spin !",
61840,__label__2,"An excellent source especially for secondary teachers of: This is the best source I have found for suggestions on staging and adapting scripts for the older reader's theater members. Most texts I have found have concentrated on primary and middle school adaptations. It's a shame this text is out of print. There are excellent sample scripts, illustrative pictures, and a wealth of examples for broad interpretation of choral reading selections.",
61841,__label__2,"great book: This is a very good dictionary for the Syrian dialect. It includes broken plurals and it uses most of the words in sentences. Some might complain that it is not written in the Arabic script, but I thought the notation chosen was helpful for pronounciation. One downside is that it is not totally comprehensive, but it contained almost all of the words I wanted to look up.",
61842,__label__1,"Couldn't even read the arabic script!: I was excited about receiving this book, but once it arrived, I opened it up and couldn't even make out the Arabic script because of the (very) poor quality of the print! The English text was even fuzzy. Fortunately the return process went smoothly and I received my money back!",
61843,__label__1,disappointment: This book is not even witten in Arabic. To use it I will have to learn a whole new transliteration system. It is useless for someone transitioning from classical Arabic to spoken arabic.,
61844,__label__1,"Crosley Stack Mate 45 Cartridge: The Crosley Stack Mate 45 Cartridge dropped the records properly. However, the base of the cartridge that the records spin around is too large which created a drag, ie, the records do not spin freely. This caused them to sound distorted. Some would not even spin.I was very disappointed in this product.",
61845,__label__1,"Crosley stackmate adapter is lousy don't buy it: This adapter is lousy. don't buy it. Certain records, do not drop properly using this adapter, because the adapter is too wide. Records drop halfway down and stick, causing the tone arm to bump against it and land on the turntable, or the record will drop to the turntable, but not turn, because of the width of the adapter, and cause the flip side of the record to be scratched by the turntable. This is not a good product and Crosley should make corrections. I received my first one for a birthday gift and it didn't work properly, so I bought another one thinking the first one was defective. It is defective from the Manufacturer. Crosley, long in the radio business for years, should know better and should make a better adapter. Dont buy this one",
61846,__label__1,"NOT RECOMMENDED: This is NOT a suitable book to prepare for the exam. It contains a lot of syntax whereas the whole exam is scenario based. I studied it through and through and failed. This book is a good revision of the actual study guide, but defenitely not a guaranteed pass for the exam.",
61847,__label__1,"Don't use as your main study guide or you may fail: I used this book as my primary study guide for the exam and I barely passed the exam. If I hadn't used the Visual Basic 6 Distributed Exam cram and Transcender as supplements, I probably would have failed. This book does not provide enough depth on vital information for the exam. I would recommend using the transcender and exam cram to pass this exam. Don't waste your time and money on this book.",
61848,__label__2,"Visually beautiful, informative and educational.: We visited an Oregon Fuchsia Society show in Portland, OR in August, 1998 and this was one of the books they recommended. It is beautiful ... full of exceptional photos ... a visual delight! It also covers just about any subject a beginner might be interested in: history, nomenclature, cultivation, propagation (including hybridization techniques), training & exhibiting, pests and diseases and recommended plants and cultivars. It is full of fascinating facts and information. Best of all, however, are the wonderful photographs that identify many, many varieties. It is written by a British author, so a few words and expressions may seem unusual to American readers. Nevertheless, it's a wonderful book!",
61849,__label__1,"Cheap, foot looks wider: This shoe looks good enough, but on my feet, they looked a bit stumpy. I tried wearing them with jeans and a skirt, but they weren't very flattering on me. I was also disappointed that the sole is thin, that there was no cushion at all in the footbed, and that the shoe wasn't made of leather (it's actually a man-made, leather-like material). Looks aside, the quality of the materials and the potential longevity issue were the factors that made me return them. I think I might have kept them if they looked like they would have handled wear from walking to work and back.In case anyone is wondering, my wife posted this through my account. I don't wear shoes like this.-CL",
61850,__label__2,Techi Universe vol 7 space: this is a great video and not just this video but the whole set of movies. If you like japanes animationn and action cartoons like dragon ball z gundam wing and salior moon your love this.,
61851,__label__1,"Misappropriation: This so-called doctor (his degree is from an unaccredited bible school) takes Jewish rituals and attempts to interpret them in a Christian perspective. However, he skews and misappropriates Jewish material to make it appear that is supports a Christian worldview, and a fundamentalist one at that. Pathetic and insensitive and just the sort of tripe one sees all-too-often among pseudo-preachers of this ilk. He'd do better to get educated about Judaism and read the Talmud--even better yet, he ought to leave Judaism alone and let the Rabbis do the interpreting in the light of their own faith.",
61852,__label__1,"Took to long to read, some errors: I found that it took too long to read the qeations and found some errors also. I guess that means know a little to spot errors.",
61853,__label__2,"Book gives a beautiful look at the people of America.: Take this book on your next long road trip. One of my college professors suggested it and I finally got around to it. I laughed. I thought about and I felt justice and injustice, ancestry and isolation, tolerance and intolerance, naive and wise. You know you have a great book when you share it with others and that's what I did with this book. I felt a connection with the rest of America in our search for the answers to the troubles of our hearts, lives, and communities.",
61854,__label__2,A tour through parts of America: Least-Heat covered parts of America I have not visited. It was almost like being there. Going to remember some and put on my bucket list.,
61855,__label__1,"Some engrosing conversations, but few and far between: Although William Least Heat-Moon's book does contain a few interesting pictures of American life, and his run-ins with such characters as farmers, diner-owners and a shipbuilder are sort of folksy and wonderful, they are so buried in the minor, uninteresting details of the trip as to make the reader wish that Least Heat-Moon had written a magazine article instead of a 412-page tome.",
61856,__label__1,"condescending and self-absorbed: This is just a terrible book.I can't understanding the enthusiam of some of the other reviewers. The book is a boring downer, and he seems like a nasty piece of work.Stay away.",
61857,__label__1,It was very boring!: I had trouble staying awake for this one. I was like watching paint dry. I get giddy just thinking about it. I seen a better written book on teletubbies. Do not buy this book!,
61858,__label__1,"Don't waste your time: Though I cannot, at the moment, cite a better alternative because I haven't yet read any, I am sure they do exist. At least let's hope so...",
61859,__label__1,"This is ABSOLUTELY the WORST book I have EVER read!!!: I was forced to read this book as part of my english gifted and talented class. It was the slowest, longest, worst written book ever! The best part of the book was the end. It ended! Finally, a long book about nothing. I will NEVER read this book again and I DON'T encourage anyone else to read this. PLEASE save yourselves the boredom and stupidity that comes from this book. This guy has nothing better to do than go around in little boondocks in the US and force people to have conversations with him. It's irritating. It's boring. Please do yourselves some good and read cool books like Les Miserables, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, A tale of Two Cities, and other classics.",
61860,__label__1,"WORST BOOK EVER WRITTEN!!!: (Make that star rating up there NEGATIVE 5 stars) I can't believe I'm actually taking the time to write this for such an awful book, but I read all of the other reviews here and I can't understand why everyone thinks this book is so incredible. I thought it was the most uninteresting, torturous book I have ever read. If this book is any indication of what Heat-Moon's personality and his English classes were like, I understand why he was laid off (and why his wife cheated on him!). 400-something pages of grueling, thick, unconnected text ruined my entire summer and destroyed any previous desire that I might have had to travel cross-country. I would not recommend this book to anyone; I think it should be destroyed.",
61861,__label__2,"Heat-Moon in search of self..............: Blue Highways tells an inner story as captivating as the external wanderlust it records. Heat-Moon sets out from Missouri and circles the country meeting commonfolk, providing commentary, and bringing the less traveled road to life. All too often life forces us into warp speed where we fail to notice the ordinary. With Heat-Moon's closer inspection, we see the ordinary as interesting and an experience worth having. The author makes this journey under a personal cloud due to a failing relationship. His admissions are honest, his emotional battles thought provoking, and the philosophy with which he girds this effort well worth rumination. I may not share all of this man's political leanings, but, nevertheless, I respect him immensely as an author. His sincere gratitude to his readers is palpable and his down-to-earth persona refreshing. Read this and Heat-Moon's two other efforts, River Horse and Prairy Erth. You'll be very happy tha",you di
61862,__label__2,"This book is a pure, spiritual slice of Americana: Meaningful, and filled with metaphor, this book is a poignant look at a man standing outside of himself and coping with memory. Each person he writes about on his journey is made to stand out whether good, evil or indifferent. His love and respect for history is obvious--whether it be about the Pony Express (orphans preferred) or how Wolf Point, Montana got its name. He writes with a wry sense of humor, and with out any heavy hand. I've reread passages of this book for over a decade, and for me sums up what the true essence of being ""on the road"" is about. It is a journal as powerful as a Ken Burns documentary",
61863,__label__2,"An introspective story of discovery and redemption: An introspective story of discovery and affirmation regarding the fabric of America. I first read this book in my teens. Twenty five years later revisited Moon's work and had and entirely new appreciation for this work while riding "" shotgun"" with him on his travels throughout small town America. One of my favorites and well deserving a place on my personal 5 foot shelf of classics.",
61864,__label__2,One of my 5 favorite books: This is a great travalogue of personal discovery. By far his best work. I feel it is one of the best travelogues out there.,
61865,__label__1,"Blue Highways: Journey into My Depressed American Self: Least Heat Moon's descriptions of America's people and places are densely atmospheric and wonderfully true to life. Without a doubt, they're the best part of the book. If only they were the only part of the book... His nostalgic (melancholy?) brooding and dreary introspection are not what I expected from this ""Journey into America."" I am not against bias; I did not take the trip-- but it would have been a lot more enjoyable without the clutter and weight of the author's personal baggage. I enjoyed reading about the folks and forgotten spots he visited along the way, but suggest that the title and publisher copy be changed to reflect his depressed inner journey if it's all part of the long, boring trip.",
61866,__label__1,"A Condescending Smirk at Rural America: I tried to like this book, I really did. I started to read it when it first came out, in the 80s, and again recently, and I just didn't enjoy it. It reminds me of PBS specials where some Harvard-educated musicologist ventures into the swamplands to interview old bluesmen, and tell us all the deep socio-economic underpinnings of the lyrics. Forget it. It's just the blues - it's meant to be felt in your bones, not theorized about. ""Blue Highways"" gave me the same feeling. W.L.H.Moon comes off as self-centered and condescending; he seems to secretly pity those he meets, even as he wants us to chuckle knowingly at them. There are plenty of American travelogues written by people who actually live there. Don't waste your time on this one.",
61867,__label__1,Tedious: Not at all as interesting as I hoped it would be. The back roads of USA should be able to offer a much more colourful and interesting web than this.,
61868,__label__1,"Another smug outsider writing about the inside: WLHM, although a decent writer, attempts to cross the brooding beat writers of a generation ago with Charles Kuralt. Moon fails miserably. There are some some passages of note, but mostly this work is brooding and pseudo-introspective and at times unfairly insulting to the people of whom he writes. As an English major and English teacher and a teacher of Appalachian literature, culture, history and traditions, I cannot recommend this work with any enthusiasm at all.",
61869,__label__2,A Pleasure To Read: This book is informative and relaxing. It can be read a few pages at a time for those who do not have long periods of free time. The author has a refreshing viewpoint on what makes an area special.,
61870,__label__2,"A Good Read for those who like ""road"" books: This is the second time reading this book. Loved it the first time. Like it pretty well this time although I don't remember a thing from the first read 20 some years ago. Least Heat Moon has a way with words and his describing his travel adventures puts me right on the scene sharing the experience with him.",
61871,__label__2,enjoyable read: This book is a joy in discovering the people and places along the backroads of America. Makes you want to get in the car and just drive.,
61872,__label__2,"Looking for Mayberry: William Least Heat Moon lost his wife and lost his job, so he packed what was left of his life into a minivan, and drove rural America searching for stability. Though he does not mention the name, in essence he tried to find Mayberry, the mythical small town where nothing seems to change, the people are happy, and any strife is superficial enough to be resolved by the end of a half-hour TV episode.He didn't find it. Like Miniver Cheevy, he was born too late.In small town after small town, he was told that he had arrived a couple of decades too late. Half the time, the old timers would tell him that the town had grown too big, and had lost its former charm. The other half of the time, they would tell him that the town had shrunk too small, and lost its former vitality. No place had stayed the same. There was no Mayberry.We can only hope that Least Heat Moon eventually found his Mayberry, at least in his own mind, if not in some small town.",
61873,__label__2,"A great read.: If you like knowing about hidden towns and interesting folk in our great country, you will enjoy this book. William Least Heat-Moon engages you with humor and folksy people who are even pictured on the page. The trip by William Least Heat-Moon was taken in '78, but it still is a ""great read.""",
61874,__label__2,"A sloooow drive across the USA: William Least Heat-Moon takes his wonderful prose on a slow trip across the back roads of America, and along the way we get to meet folks in small-town America. Heat-Moon's journey was precipitated by the double whammy of learning he'd lost both his job and his wife at just about the same time, and he figured, as he felt he'd also lost a sense of direction for his life, that perhaps travel, reflection, and writing might cure what ailed him.Some have said the book, now almost 30 years old, is dated - and of course it is. But what makes it even more interesting nowadays is, reading it, you can kind of track the process of how America got from what it was then to what it is now. It's a bit scary.",
61875,__label__2,BLUE HIGHWAYS: A very enjoyable book which takes the reader along the lesser traveled roads across the US. It is like a travelogue with addition of the charming characters Least-Moon meets along the way. Recommended,
61876,__label__2,"Blue Highways: This is a must read. It is rare to find someone with such an eye and turn of phrase. If you want to be delighted, go for it. If you liked Travels with Charley you will love Blue Highways.",
61877,__label__2,Welcome Home: Wonderful book. William Least Moon visited Melvin Village the year before we movedhere and everyone has a wonderful story to tell about him. I asked one of the families that he interviewed if they were pleased with what he wrote. They were pleased. My husband's favorite book and he loaned it to someone and never got it back despite several pleas. So I am getting him another copy for Father's Day and I am sure this copy is going nowhere except on our library shelf.,
61878,__label__1,"Ba'al: The Storm God: Caught this on the SciFi channel on a rainy Sunday. How appropriate as any other time I wouldn't have given it a viewing. If it wasn't for an almost fair script and acting I would have totally flipped the channel. The story revolves around a wacked out archeologist wanting to bring Ba'al back to life. Two people unite to stop his fiendish plot to become a god himself. I've certainly scene better (pun intended) but after watchingMega Shark vs Giant Octopus / 30,000 Leagues Under the Sea, I'm willing to give more latitude to other SciFi movies. Afterall the intelligent dialogue and directing (Ziller) here was certainly better. Even with this, watching a giant storm and boring people arguing about how to stop it just didn't keep me on the edge of my seat. If you enjoyed this, seek another opinion.CA Luster",
61879,__label__1,Pseudo pleasant movie...: Ansolutely nothing memorable in this movie --- if I hadn't bought it through Amazon marketplace for just a few dollars I would have been very upset with myself --- don't buy this because it's a waste...,
61880,__label__2,"Not bad at all: I had to laugh at the reviewer who said this isn't a bad movie to buy if you're trying to get free shipping but are a few dollars short. My video collection is littered with movies that qualify under that statement! But in that litter are movies that I've been surprised with and this movie definitely qualifies. I was surprised at how much I liked it. I'm not familiar with the Sumarian culture at all, so I can't comment on that. But I can say that it had a solid story line and even though there are places where credulity is a bit stretched, well, aren't most movies like that? The acting is surprisingly good, too. All in all, I'd say it's well worth the cost. Especially if you're a few dollars short of free shipping!",
61881,__label__1,Nice cover bad movie: When I saw this cover I was sold to bad the movie was not that great oh well you win some you lose some.,
61882,__label__2,"Fun movie!: I thought this was a cool movie. The effects aren't really the best, but they are good for the most part. Despite the movie being a tad slow at times, I really liked it and I like it more with each viewing. It could have been really bad but it was actually quite good.",
61883,__label__1,"not very good even for a grade b movie: the plot is silly the acting horrid and the cgi boring and recycled in the movie. at such a high amazon price tag i thought it would be a sleeper,,, oh boy it was it put me to sleep.i was especially annoyed by the military uniforms that were randomly put together with absolutely no thought to realism, a leautenant wearing captains bars AND upside down corperals chevrons on his sleeve and that was a small example of the many problems. wasnt there anyone connected with this movie that was at least in the military? apparently not.ignore the good reviews save your money and buy something else maybe 'swamp thing'",
61884,__label__1,What a piece of garbage: If you going to make a movie using computer effects. Do NOT make the effects look like computer effects. Real computer effects look real. Very bad effects. The storyline was ok the acting was ok but for me the bad effects over shaddowed and thing else that was good.,
61885,__label__1,"Be aware this book is anti-abortion: I have not read this book but I am very familiar with the Standup Girl web site, and it is 100% anti-abortion. While I respect the right of the authors and the women who tell their stories in the book to be anti-abortion and even to try and persuade the rest of us against abortion, I think that the title 'Take Charge of Your Unexpected Pregnancy' might be misleading to some. If you are looking for a book that respects all your options - abortion, adoption and parenting - and your right to make your own decision, this isn't it.",
61886,__label__2,"a MUST read, MUST own!: This book is a look at real people at the turn of the 20th century. I was introduced to it in a book club. I can't believe I had never heard of it. It is as precious to me as the Little House on the Prairie series. This is a series also and every book is wonderful. It's funny and sad and so tender. This young boy is growing up in a time of hard work and great imagination. You will be amazed at their ingenuity and ""make do"" philosophy. I love to read, but am very selective when buying. This is a set I HAVE to have.",
61887,__label__2,"Little Britches: Father and I Were Ranchers: This book was read to our class when I was in the 6th grade. I loved it! When our kids were growing up, I read all of the series to our kids as we traveled. Because I am a speed reader, sometimes I would ""read"" a funny part and start laughing, before my out loud reading would be there. Who would think that modern-day kids would be entranced with stories about early 1900 kids, but they were. Ralph Moody caught the imagination as we could see this kid getting into situations before he was there. These are marvelous. Every child in America should read them. This is the stuff of the sturdiness, resiliency, & character we come from. Adversity happens, it is happening right now...the question is can we face it with strength and imagination. Laugh until you cry. Love greatly. This is a splendid series.",
61888,__label__2,Wow!: This is a series that is great for boys and girls. Our eldest has read these over and over! I can't wait til all of our kids read these. I know our sons are going to eat them up.....if our eldest DD hasn't destroyed them. lol. She is hard on books!,
61889,__label__2,"The Best family book of this century: This last month we ""Shut Off"" the television in our home. My wife and I thought our three children (oldest 5) were watching way to much.I had read ""Little Britches"" when I was twelve and read it to the entire family three or four chapters a night. We are now almost finished with ""Man Of The Family"" now (second book)My five year old can't tell enough people about ""Little Britches"". This book has brought our family back together again and I plan on reading the entire selection of Ralph Moody books to my family every night. This may take awhile, but the T.V. won't be on until we are finished. Again, the best book, series of the century!!",
61890,__label__2,"A Wonderful Book: Little Britches is one the best books we have ever read! It has sparked a number of conversations with my young sons about character and wise choices. This morning I even pulled it out to read a quote from it after they had disobeyed me about something! The quote is something Ralph's father says to him after he (Ralph) has lied: ""If (a man) tells lies to be able to do the things he shouldn't do but wants to, his character will soon become a ruin. A man with a ruined character is a shame on the face of the earth.""I highly recommend this book BUT please be aware that it does contain cursing! Fortunately, we are reading this aloud, so I can skip over objectionable words, but in all the reviews I have read (on Amazon and elsewhere), no one has mentioned this. Am I the only one who objects to my elementary-school aged children reading curse words?Anyway, wonderful book, HIGHLY recommended!",
61891,__label__2,"A ranch adventure-ranks with ""Little House"": We just read this as a family. An awe inspiring look at ranch life in turn of the century Colorado. Kids love the adventure and parents are inspired by the father's righteous parenting style. If we can just instill responsibility and honesty in our children as this father did!",
61892,__label__2,"Content warning: Although this is truly a wonderful book in many respects, parents should realize that the hero is quite frequently SPANKED for his mischief making by his father. Also, I find it to be a little too much for my 5 year old, it is really more appropriate for the average 8 year old. The boy in the story is 8 as well.",
61893,__label__2,"One of the best books to read aloud: I have read Little Britches and its sequel, Man of the Family to my 6th grade history students and to my 4th grade students for five years now. I have found that the story holds the attention of both girls and boys. My students have been able to make connections with other items we have read in history. The story is full of excellent values without being preachy. Basically, it is a well told first person narrative of life in the American west in the 1910's. A great book to read outloud to children or to read with children.",
61894,__label__2,"My all time favorite book: I first read this book probably in junior high, and have since read it several more times, enjoying it each time as much as the last. It is such a great story of what family is and should be, and an incredible portrayal of a wonderful father who is loving yet firm. I've read almost the entire series, and will be reading them to my children in a few years.",
61895,__label__2,"An old but valuable gem!!: I have been using this book for over 25 years!!! Now that Common Core is going back to more conceptual exploration of measurement in the primary grades, the measurement chapter in this book is more relevant than ever. It guides the teacher in how to set up a comprehensive set of measurement stations (all dealing with non-standard measurement) and incorporates many opportunities for counting and place value exploration as well. Truly an oldie but goodie!!!",
61896,__label__2,"stunning muscianship, brilliant compositions, all live.: The cd, recorded live in Japan, features John Scofield's hottest band, with the amazing Dennis Chambers on drums, and Tim Granger on Bass. The songs come mainly from Blue Matter and Still Warm, both seminal Scofield. Scofield himself tears up the fretboard. But don't expect mindless pyrotechnics. His phrasing is pure jazz, more idiomatic to the sax than the guitar at times. To see Dennis Chambers live is a rare treat. Hearing him drum here is a humbling experience. The double bass work alone is a clinic for aspiring drummers. The band is amazingly tight, navigating time signatures and breaks adroitly. The dynamic range of the band makes each song a much more visceral experience than the studio versions.Buy this cd.",
61897,__label__2,"Great Album from a Great Concert: I just saw John Scofield in Colorado a week ago and that brought me back to some earlier recordings. This one is a great document of a fantastic concert. If you like Scofield's Blue Matter or Loud Jazz, you'll love this one.I was at this concert and agree with the liner notes that the band was in top form and the crowd was very supportive. You also get some tasty playing from the whole band. My only regret is that he omitted an extended version of ""The Nag"" from Blue Matter, which had some serious soloing from Gary Grainger and Dennis Chambers.",
61898,__label__2,RIding lawn mower blades: these are just as good as if not even better than purchasing at SearsIt would have been almost $40. at sears and I paid $25 Can t beat that,
61899,__label__2,"Help has Arrived: I read this book when I was stuck in the car for 11 hours at 16 years old and this was the only book around.This book transformed my life and helped me excel in school and college.I couldn't put it down.I read every book I could find by Tony Buzan.I read this book with my children when they got old enough.The funny thing was, I could never remember the title of the book..lol",
61900,__label__1,"Perfect Memory: Nothing enlightening here. Same old techniques that have been discussed for years, with some minor tweaks. Suggest the book where a gentleman participated in the memory contests and learned the techniques.",
61901,__label__2,"Use Your Perfect Memory: This is THE book that started me on the road to becoming a United States Memory Champion. The book is very well laid out, explains the systems clearly, and your improvement in memory is immediate.",
61902,__label__1,poor: this book is for those who want to train the memory to be better. that's not what i was looking for.,
61903,__label__1,"too much hype from ""sponsors"": There is useful information in this book. But most of the book consists of ""case studies"", some of which are interesting and some of which are not, but all of which essentially hype a ""sponsor"" middleware. This book is an ""infomercial"" that you have to pay for. A ripoff.",
61904,__label__1,This from the masters of XML !!??: hard to read. Doesn't explain the material well. And you are NOT going to be an expert on XML after reading this.,
61905,__label__1,"First Commercials During Movie Previews, and Now This: A good percentage of this book is dedicated to case studies, which are pure marketing drivel from the ""sponsors"" of the book. (Who ever heard of book sponsors, anyway?)As if that weren't bad enough, in the preface we find: ""Some applications and case studies were done with full SGML before XML had a formal existence, but are within XML's capabilities. These are described as having been done with XML.""Excuse me?",
61906,__label__1,"Not a bad marketing gimmick. It mentions XML too.: The first 4 chapters talk about XML, as do the last 10 chapters. Sadly, Chapters 5 through 30 are case studies 'sponsored' by such companies as Microsoft and Adobe. Some are dedicated to showing you how cool their XML development products are(so you will buy them) while others are dedicated to showing you the sponsor's view of how XML should evolve(meaning in what direction Microsoft is planning to steer the XML movement.)In all fairness, some of the material in this book is good, and if you want to understand what XML is and how companies are using it, perhaps this book is for you.If, however, you are like me, and are looking for a book that will assist you in the implementation of XML, take the advice of the other reviewers who advise you to look somewhere else. I spent $40.00 on this book, and I can guarantee that it will sit in my group's technical library collecting dust. Maybe someone will write a good XML book someda",...
61907,__label__1,"Corporate sponsorship of chapters ruins this book.: The two highly respected experts, Goldfarb and Prescod, have seriously compromised their good reputations by putting their names on a book that is essentially a compendium of advertisements/position papers from SGML/XML vendors.",
61908,__label__1,"Good suumary, but not for programmers: This is a good summary of where XML and associated technologies come from, and where they are going. It has good links to get the latest on standards. The CD-ROM has a lot of software packages. HOWEVER, this is defintely not for programmers. Do not look for code examples or anything close.",
61909,__label__1,"Includes 350 pages of advertiser essays: I kept reading more of the book to see if it would get better. Unfortunately, it did not.Good points:--Part 1 offers a concise introduction to XML.--Part 5 offers a good, although wordy, treatment of XML definitions and usage.Bad Points:--Three sections (almost 350 pages) of superficial ""case studies"" (ads) sandwiched between Parts 1 and 5.-- Only in Chapter 33 is the Spec Reference Structure explained -- after over 400 pages of examples using this format-- Poor organization inhibits utility. The book is simply not structured in a logical manner which makes it difficult to understand a logical system like XML.",
61910,__label__1,Lacks continuity...: I purchased this book with great expectations and the book failed them all. I was not able to get a complete picture of the core topic - XML because there is lack of continuity here. Even the business applications have not been explained proprely - the power of XML is never demonstrated effectively.,
61911,__label__1,"It's an Introduction, not a Handbook: As an ""Introduction to XML"", why XML could be important and useful to you, and why XML is an intelligent evolution of data handling this book recieves 3.5 stars. Could have been 4 if there were a good editor on staff who trimed all the duplication and excess verbiage. I think the authors must have been paid by the pound instead of by the word.As ""the XML Handbook"" it's almost useless. Sure, as other reviewers have noted, there is some good stuff in the last few chapters but it's too hard to get at to be useful. And usefulness in my lexicon is mandatory for a ""handbook"". Other handbook requisites are lightweight (easy to pack around), concise and easily understood wording, and a complete index. This book fails on all counts.I learned things and I'm glad I read it. Very sorry I paid $70cdn for it. I won't be buying anything else in this series or from these authors.",
61912,__label__1,"Very dissappointed!!!!!!: I'm a senior programmer. I spent a whole night reading this book, but at the end, I'm still a stranger to XML. Totally lost! What a waste of my precious time! I should spent that time with my boyfriend watching movie......",
61913,__label__1,"Good for case studies, fails as tool: This book lacks a good index so it is virtually impossible to use it for finding specific advice when you work with a XML file.After a year or so I realised several pages are blank inside the book. I think this shows how much use this book was for me...",
61914,__label__1,"Too much fluff: As a software developer and product designer, I was looking for a book on XML that could quickly give me an understanding of how XML works to allow me to ponder how I may apply it. I'm still looking. After a reasonably promising start (though a little too cute and rah-rah), there is a series of chapters that read like bad magazine articles geared toward managers. After a bit of puzzlement, I realized I needed to skip 400 pages ahead to get back to the explanation of how XML works! And in that section there are too many forward references to make reading comfortable. I have just ordered a second XML book. Wish me luck!",
61915,__label__1,"More Marketing Materials: This book includes a lot of topics but mainly at the level of marketing documents, it may be good for some high-level managers but not very useful for developers.",
61916,__label__1,"XML Handbook Prostitutes Itself: The XML handbook starts out as an interesting and extremely well written book. It gives excellent background and presents the history and philosophy of XML in a fine and interesting manner - almost as good as a novel! Suddenly, it drops you and goes from page 110 - 720 describing products for you to buy that you have not even been presented a background for yet. The at page 720 the book starts again. This 990 page book ends up with 380 pages of book and 610 pages of commercials! This is preposterous! It's also a shame that what could and should have been a fine book sold itself cheaply - and expects the customer to pay the price. I'm sad for the authors.",
61917,__label__1,"Not really an introduction or a handbook.: There are far better books, that cost less, are more concise andreveal a lot more about XML and the impact it is starting to have onsociety. If you are a programmer seeking a technical guide, this isnot for you either.",
61918,__label__1,"The great undefined 'XML': horrible... unintelligible, written by people who like the look of their own words on paper, but these words lack content and scope. They're supposed to be two people who define documents, but their book layout is completely bunk, which scares me.",
61919,__label__1,"A Big Waste of Paper: This is a copied collection of quotes from hither and yon with no indexing of subject or authors. Did not catch that it is Barlett NOT Bartlett. Total waste of paper, not to mention money.",
61920,__label__2,"Excellent introduction to categories for computer scientists: The book gives you all of the cateogry theory you need to study type theory. The examples are from domains that are comfortable for computer scientists. The difficult proofs are given in great detail, while other books often gloss over the details.",
61921,__label__2,"Wow: This will instantly become any young boy's favourite book, it's unreal! Girls will like it too and the pop ups are so engaging that it will even encourage any kids who don't usually like books to read - go and buy yourself a copy, you won't be sorry.",
61922,__label__2,Love this book...had it as a kid: This book has a lot of quality put into the pop ups. Lots of things to look and and discover. Had this book as a kid and now sending it on to my niece.,
61923,__label__1,"Not even close: Don't waste your time or money on this one. I went through the MS MOC classes, read Inside SQL (a must have for anyone studing for the MCDBA cert.) and then bought this book. I also read the Troy Techs. This book was way off of both tests, 70-28 and 70-29. To get it done, study the MOC materials, read Inside SQL, and work with the product as much as possible. But don't buy this book.",
61924,__label__1,"Sorry - No cigar: This book seriously lacks the depth and difficulty that would be required to have a taste of the real Design exam. I have not used this book to pass the Admin exam, so I cannot comment on that. The only reason to buy this title is to give yourself a start. It is not by any means representative of the actual exam. May I suggest that you study from ""Inside SQL Server 7.0"" from Microsoft Press and from ""Professional SQL Server 7.0 Programming"" from Wrox. Both of these are wonderful books. All in all, if you have the cash to stash, you can buy this title as well, But I would advise against using it to measure your preraredness to the exam.Good Luck Gabor Bona (B.Sc. MCSE MCDBA MCP+I)",
61925,__label__1,Helping you to fail your exam: Book is not detail enough to guide both beginner or experience professional to pass the exam. ALL books from Syngress Media for MCSD OR MCSE are bad for the exam... do not get it!!!!,
61926,__label__1,Not good enough: I brought the book for my 028 and 029 examination. I found the book full of typo and spelling mistake. Sometimes I doubt the correctness of the answer. The practice questions are stragiht forward wherars the questions in the exam are much more complicated. It test your background knowledge but not good enough for the examination.,
61927,__label__1,"Only 1MB of storage?: Most services provide far more than 1MB of storage. I tried to upgrade, but was stuck on hold with a medium-quality customer support specialist. After finally explaining my situation, he said that what I was requesting was beyond the scope of our SLA.Expect lukewarm to tepid service.",
61928,__label__1,"not satisfied: As the blade enters the siding, it begins to vibrate and removes chunks of the siding. Therefore, the cut is not very clean.",
61929,__label__2,Thorough is better.: Covers all the important nuances of a word. Once I started using it I went from getting a C in English-French Translation to an A-. I reccommend it as essential to any advanced student of French.,
61930,__label__2,My review: I believe that this book was excellent and opened my mind to a lot things. This book help me realize that people on earth don't know everything like they think they do. I agreed with every part of this book.,
61931,__label__2,"Questions: Has anyone read or heard of a book called ""The Coming of Tan"" by Riley Martin? It's about Mr. Martin's alien abduction. I can't find it anywhere. Thanks. clk9697@aol.com",
61932,__label__1,"Where is the proof ?: I think, the one who makes such claims, should prove their claims. Most of the book reads like a science fiction.The ideas are not new.Is this another attempt to create a new relligion ? Manipulation of the highest degree. Dr .Chalko claims several of our top scientists have read the book. I would like to know who they are , so , I can speak to them .. Thank you",
61933,__label__2,Amazing: The book advises us that we should understand and know using your logic rarther than blind believing.There are military secrets that were classified that the author shouldn't have any knowledge of them when it was written.The proof exists in your mind.The book is great to be read along the freedom of choice.(thiaoouba.com),
61934,__label__2,Great book for the ill: This book is wonderful and uplifting for any one who is ill. I have ALS and I am strengthened by Amy C's insight into the Sovereignty of God in all the difficult walks that come our way.I would highly recommend this book.,
61935,__label__2,"Excellent: My wife Marjorie demanded an explanation on finding out that, well, that my whole past has been just one great big lie basically, but I felt that an apology was easier. Not least having read this handy guide for saying you're sorry. Most of the advice is of a general nature though it also covers certain specific ""contrition scenarios"". My wife and I may have issues to work through, and I have to be prepared to work hard to earn her trust again blah blah blah, but I am certainly glad I've got Pauline Lock fighting my corner.",
61936,__label__1,"For technical consultants only. Not for functional (business: When you click on the book it says ""From Experts"" and with SAP demo CD in the previous page. I ordered the book and what I got is SAP R/3 implementation with ASAP. ""An essential guide to System Architects, Admins, and Tech. consulants. Based on Release 4.0, Featuring Free Demo Exam Similar to CTC Exam"". This is the cover of the book I received. So it may be a good book for IT Managers, etc. To a functional consultant, this is almost useless. On the technical side it almost looks like the SAP R/3 System Administration book from SYBEX with ASAP procedures.",
61937,__label__2,"Convenient and Cost Effective: I have type 1 diabetes and i travel with the associated medical support items: Insulin, needles, glucometer, test strips etc....This bag is the easiest way I have found to organize and travel with these items.The only downside is that the zippers wear out after 2 - 3 years.",
61938,__label__2,"Medport Diabetes Organizers are sturdy: Bought this for my son after his old one finally gave out. The old one was larger, so it took a little time to figure out where to put all the supplies in this one. We like the smaller size, fits better in backpack, less obvious when carried into restaurant,..etc. Not too small and not too big. These are sturdy, and our original one lasted a really long time.",
61939,__label__1,"Another poor choice: I confess - I have not yet used this item. However, based on the use of the companion item, I cannot think that this item keeps meds cool any longer than 5-6 hours - and that is using BOTH cool packs. Again, there is NO insulation to keep the cold actually cold.",
61940,__label__1,"Close the patent office: Finally.Next time I can't find my keys in the dark all I need to do is find this thingie and fumble it into my iPod's holes. What a lifesaver!And in the same box is the laser pointer so I don't have to stop listening to 50cent just because I'm doing some silly corporate presentation!While it is a little tough to dance and fry an airline pilot's eyes at the same time, it is the latest craze so I LOVE THIS PRODUCT!;-)",
61941,__label__1,"Not for the new IPOD: I got this as a Christmas present, and the person buying it knew what IPOD I had (IPOD Video), but there is nothing on this page or on the packaging to indicate what versions of the IPOD it works with. So disappointed! Amazon needs to modify the item description to indicated which versions of the IPOD this works with and which it doesn't.",
61942,__label__1,"Works only with old ipods: This was touted as good with ""all dockable ipods""but does not work with Ipod video, etc. I gave it away to someone with an older ipod. There needs to be a slot next to the earphone jack for this to work. Ad is deceptive!",
61943,__label__1,Will not work on he 5G iPods: Disappointing as it is not something that works on the new iPods and Griffin has discontinued it,
61944,__label__1,"Looks cool at first, but...: Don't get me wrong, this is a pretty clever gadget. However, it's mising one thing in terms of usability: an on/off switch. This really limits the usability of both, since it's typical to want to turn the flashlight off for a moment, or the laser pointer on for a moment. I can't see me using this laser pointer in a real presentation, since it'd either be on all the time, or I'd be pulling the light in and out all the time (neither of which make me look cool).So if you're going to buy this, keep this limitation in mind.",
61945,__label__2,"Ronnie Wood & Bo Diddley - Live At The Ritz (Victory, 1988): Rolling Stone and The Originator combine their efforts while performing at the Ritz in New York City in 1987.Most of the songs are Bo Diddley's originals, already classics of Blues. Others are written by Ron Wood, The Rolling Stones and The Faces. Songs vary from shorter versions to compositions that spin more than 7 minutes featuring guitar work of Bo & Ronnie as well as done on instrumental ""Plynth"".Two guitars lead the album (guitarists sing as well and one is Ron Wood to surprise of many), but harp and keyboard playing by keyboardist Hal Goldstein should be emphasized.Bo Diddley's opening track ""Road Runner"", The Rolling Stones' ""Honky Tonk Women"" and ""Money To Ronnie"" are of particular taste.One and only album of its kind. Pure rocky Blues. Recommended to all fans of Bo Diddley.Personnel: Bo Diddley - Guitar & Vocals; Ronnie Wood - Guitar & Vocals; Hal Goldstein - Keyboards & Harp; Mike Fink - Drums.pastblues",com
61946,__label__2,"very enlightening: i had to read ""the real frank zappa book"" for school, but it certainly wasnt an inconvience. i grew up on frank zappa, having a father as a zappa nut. so i had an inkling of an idea as to what he was all about. a great look into zappa's life, although my dad tells me there is some controversy as to what is true, even in an autobiography. i suppose it's hard to find a credible source on such a wild guy, eh? but anyhow...an extremely good book. quite a jolly laugh, too...",
61947,__label__2,"A Deeper Appreciation of Zappa's Work: Having read ""The Real Frank Zappa Book,"" I came away with a much deeper understanding of FZ's approach to composition, music, and art. FZ's work has many, many layers of complexity. One must listen to some of his songs many times to pick up on these many layers. FZ applies the following quote to his music: ""A large mass of any material will 'balance' a smaller, denser mass of any material, according to the length of the gizmo it's dangling on, and the 'balance point' chosen to facilitate the danglement."" This is just one of many quotes from The Real Frank Zappa Book that helped me comprehend and appreciate his music on a deeper level. FZ was a true genius. He died way too young. But he left behind a treasure trove of art for fans to explore for centuries to come. This book is a ""must have"" for any true fan of Frank Zappa.",
61948,__label__2,"BUY THIS BOOK!!!!!!: Great Book by a great man. Easy read...funny..insightful. Best Rock & Roll book ever written. Read about his music, friends, family, and his political wars. If you've never heard Zappa buy these CDs: Sheik Yerboti, Joes Garage Acts 1 & 2, Mothers of Invention Live at the Fillmore East 1972, Apostrophe, and Strickly for Commercial for you little guys",
61949,__label__2,"The Real Frank Zappa Book: In reading the other reviews, they do not mention the bazaar life that frank Zappa lived. These bazar stories are very exiting! Keep in mind that Frank did not take drugs. In this book, one band member wanted to kick Frank Zappa out of the band because he did not take drugs. Associate the word bazaar with ""exiting.""",
61950,__label__2,"Frank Zappa Invented Music Downloading: In this illuminating book, Frank Zappa shares his life, advice on child-rearing, tour stories, etc.However, the most amazing revelation is contained in the chapter entitled, ""Failures"". In this chapter, Zappa details various ideas that he had proposed to venture capital companies. The most astounding of these is the idea to digitize music, and have it available to be transferred via high-speed phone lines to the consumer. Keep in mind that this book was written in 1988, and he explains that this proposal was prepared in 1982, before the invention and widespread popularity of the Compact Disc! He knew, twenty years before the fact, that purchasing music at a store, on media was an outdated process.Regardless of how you feel about Zappa's music, this shows his absolute genius. He foresaw digital music, the transfer of digital music, the use of telephone lines to transmit this music.Brilliant",
61951,__label__2,"The only real insight into this man is here.: Accept no substitute. As the ""official"" review (where are the other 7?) so aptly proves: ""Brown Shoes don't Make It"".",
61952,__label__2,The best book you never read in your life...: This book should be required reading for everyone. You don't even have to be a Zappa fan to enjoy this! The book isn't just a simple autobiography. Frank also gives plenty of his philosophy on politics and religion. This is without a doubt the most entertaining book I have ever read. Reading this book made me love Frank even more!,
61953,__label__2,"funny historical political: The Real Frank Zappa Book is great. It captures the humor found in his music, explains some of the concepts that keep popping up, provides a neat look at rock history, and has some scathing commentary about the reality behind the PMRC and rock censorship. Even if you don't listen to his music, read Zappa's book!",
61954,__label__1,"Boring: Very little historical information; instead, mostly dated rants, opinions, and ah, yes, information about what Frank ate for dinner, if that strikes your fancy.It was somewhat interesting, however, to read Frank's reasoning concerning the whole PMRC/Tipper Gore/censorship thing, that it was being used to draw attention from other legislation that was much more evil.",
61955,__label__1,"Frank Zappa was a blowhard: The only difference between the ""wisdom"" and ""humor"" that Frank Zappa and ""Red"" Auerbach put out is that Auerbach knows that his routine IS a routine. Frank Zappa just knew what he knew. Whoopee!",
61956,__label__2,like it: This product came in handy and I'm glad I bought it. I like it very much. Most definitely recommend to anyone. Great to have.,
61957,__label__1,"Homophobic at its core: Skip this movie. It has no heart, no soul and is homophobic at its core. If you must see it be sure to listen to the commentary by the producers and the director (all straight). They talk about how they mistreated Michael McDonald (the only good thing in the film) during filming and how uncomfortable everyone was during the male on male kissing scenes. Including how everyone in the editing room dry heaved during post production after seeing two guys kiss.",
61958,__label__2,"Outing Riley: Well-crafted independent film, portraying the cause for acceptance compellingly. Powerful that the story is written, produced, directed, and acted by a straight guy with convincing, heartfelt support from crew and supporting cast. Clever storyline and interest-engaging format wherein the primary character speaks in asides to the audience and uses first-person narration to move the story. The acting is superb. Too bad haven't seen more work by the creator.",
61959,__label__2,"Great Bargain, Comfortable out of the box: A great bargain, the shoe was advertised elsewhere for over $70.00.These shoes are great rock hoppers and walkers. They are more sturdy and cushioned than tennis shoes, have good arch support and make you feel like you are propelling your body forward vs. pulling it along. In my case, they needed no break-in period. Only complaint is that I wanted them in a different color but these work fine. They are more grey than sage (the photo depicts the color very well) and go with black, tan, etc.",
61960,__label__2,"love!!!: I got it on sale for $20.light weight, comfyI wear them to work every day, 5 days/wk, standing most of the time, still no pain,great padding!love the style/color!",
61961,__label__2,"GOOD BUY: I've been running park trails in these shoes for a month now, so I can't promise they'll live forever. But they do nicely on mixed and uneven terrain. They give a good amount of support without being to heavy, and the slightly widened sole doesn't hang out so far that you feel like you're wearing snowshoes. For under $30, I'm very satisfied.",
61962,__label__2,"BEST SW BOOK EVER: Ok. I have all the Jedi Search novels and the courtship of princess leia and the thrawn tales and the corellian trilogy. But for some reason, people bad mouth these books cause they aren't in chronolgical progression with the above books. Man, they're for ten and twelve year olds! When i was eight or nine, and just getting into star wars, these were the only books i read. Get all six books, they're like 4 bucks apiece. if you are a true fan, you'll love them.",
61963,__label__2,"Star Wars Zorba the Hutts' Revenge (Gunner): In this book written by Paul Hollace\Davids,Zorba the hutt or Jabba the hutts Father returns to Tatooine to meet with his son ,but he soon finds That Jabba is now dead because Princess Leia choked him with a chain. He claims his son's property and bets the governor "" Lando "" his job as governor in a game of sabacca, but Lando loses ,because he didn'know that Zorba's cards were marked to where only Zorba could see. Will Lando get his job back ? You'll have to read it to find out!",
61964,__label__1,"This book was not very good at all!: I found this book and the rest of the series reasonably entertaining when I first read them at eleven years old, but still not as good as Junior Jedi Knights (my favorite books at the time). Now that I have recently read this book and the whole series again, I realize that they are really not very good at all, and I am generally pretty leniant with books of all kinds! This book in particular was one of the worst. The plot is silly and unbelievable, and the characters and writing are plain awfull. Kids twelve and under probably won't notice or care, but older fans will most likely find them boring and stupid. Also these books do not fit into the timeline at all, so it won't make any sense if you try to read them with other stuff.",
61965,__label__1,"Points for Effort: Although the best of Paul and Hollace Davis' first trilogy, Zorba the Hutt's Revenge provides even more of the same as the style is made to entertain people, but not be a significant part of the history of Star Wars.",
61966,__label__2,"Smash Up: A good movie, Susan Hayward is always good in all she has done, but this film is medium and fairly predictable.",
61967,__label__1,"completely redundant: Almost every entry here is a straightforward, unimaginative transcription of the short etymology feature included in ANY dictionary of the English language. A typical entry in this book reads (in full): ""Slander: Slander is from Old French esclandre, an alteration of escandle, from late Latin scandalum 'scandal'."" Which, as you can see, doesn't contain a single iota of information you couldn't find from the entry for ""slander"" in Webster, American Heritage, OED, or any halfway decent dictionary. This book is both a redundancy and a rip-off. Stay away.",
61968,__label__1,"Shallow Look At Dull Words: First off, the Editorial Review is somewhat misleading, as there are very few idioms (""say it with flowers"" is not one of them) in this book. The book is mainly concerned with words originating from Middle or Old English -- that is, words whose origins are straightforward.I was hoping for a book that would discuss modern words with unclear (like ""hooker"", ""skyscraper"", or ""reefer""), and include idioms common in today's speech. This book seems to limit its entries to words with easy-to-trace origins, and idioms (like ""spick and span"") that don't see much usage in the books I read.There must be a better reference out there.",
61969,__label__2,"Funky shhh...: I picked this up having never heard of the group and based only on the other artists names that were on the promotional sticker on the cover.In the past I have been dissapointed when buying ""blind"", but this time around I was totally knocked back. This is a really dope record!Coming off like a band but only actually consisting of a beat maker/programmer (Panda One) and a crooner/rapper (Jack Splash), they absolutely kill it on this one.Take Prince, Outkast, Little Beaver and assorted electronica, add weed, Jack Daniels and stick to tales about partying, girls and general shenanigans...boom, Plant Life.For a unique and refreshing listen that is based in hip-hop but lets loose on influences from the world of music, you just have to check this record! Please!Probably one of the best records from out of nowhere that I have heard in quite a few years.",
61970,__label__2,"Stanky & Funky Through and Through: AWWWWWWWWWW. Music I am able to appreciate right off the bat. I was moving and grooving from beginning to end. Inspiring and Refreshing! Real music ain't dead. My favorite cuts are Appreciate, We Can Get High, Bottle of Hope, and If I was Your Man. Welcome Back Jack Splash. May the funk rise and be with you.",
61971,__label__2,"Another Party Essential: 1983 hit album ""In Heat"" is one of my all time favorite CDs. It includes ""Talking In Your Sleep"" oft-played 80's hits. But you can dig it out more from this CD. Rock You Up is Hewy Lewis styled uptempo fun pop rock. One In A Million is another hit from this album. My personal pick is ""Digging On You"", a bit similarly styled as The Hooters' ""And We Danced"". I'm HIP is really fun hip/rock that will please the appreciators of J.Geils Band or The Knacks. Dig much from this CD. Recommended for The Hooters, J.Geils Band and wide range of 80's pop rock fans.",
61972,__label__1,"Not worth it regardless of price: I had to buy two of these, the first one failed with all of my data on it, I bought the the other to recover the information. It worked yes but that unit failed after two months. I had luckily learned my lesson and backed up everything onto a few dozen Blu Ray Disks.This unit has serious issues when trying to back up a file that is over 2GB even after an update to the latest firmware, the device just freezes. I would not recommend this device for any one. Buy something else, something more reliable and robust.",
61973,__label__1,Please be Clear: It would be nice if it were really explicit whether there are any drives included in this package...I infer from the price (and the lack of any mention of disks...?) that those are extra. But since I can't really tell I will move on and hope for something more helpful and less misleading.,
61974,__label__2,"Worthy criticism: I found Richard Feigen's book to be a mostly worthy criticism of the current art world. I am the son of Sam Salz who is mentioned in a short passage in the book as a legendary art dealer. I think Mr.Feigen's description of his method of dealing is accurate even though my father's german-jewish accent is slightly overdone. My father may have been a shrewd and sometimes ruthless negotiator but he always saught a good home for ""his pictures"" and could judge a great one from a ""postage stamp"". The rest of the book deals very well with the gradual takeover of large corporate interests in the museums. Sometimes Mr. Feigen has a tendency to portray himself as the sole savior in a corrupt system but more than a few of his shots are right on target.",
61975,__label__1,"Too many excuses: Though interesting, this book might well have been titled ""Why I'm Right and Everyone Else is Wrong"". This is an author with a definite purpose, and any enlightenment one gets is secondary to the book's overall tone of self-justification. Though Feigen shows an intense dislike for ex-Met director Thomas Hoving, Hoving's books consistently deliver more solid information and fewer sour grapes and give a more balanced view of the art world.",
61976,__label__2,"A lively, engaging, informative examination of the art world: The painters, museums and curators of art are revealed in Tales from the Art Cryptwill appeal to a wide audience, from leisure browsers to students of art collecting and art history. Tales from the Art Crypt provides a lively examination of the art world reflecting the author's fifty years in the art field and including insights on painters he's known, represented, or collected.",
61977,__label__1,"Yawn: Feigen does a wonderful job of tooting his own horn and bashing the hard-earned reputations of others. The subtitle of the book: ""The Painters, the Museums, the Curators, the Collectors, the Auctions, the Art"" should have read ""ME, ME, ME, ME, ME, ME"". There a few useful or interesting tidbits of information buried in the book, but the challenge is staying awake long enough to unearth them.",
61978,__label__1,"stories of how wonderful I am: Mr. Feign is a well known art dealer who has written a disjointed series of stories related in that they all involve him and some noble act or great art find by him. In many of the stories Mr. Feign is critical of collectors, dealers, and administrators of art museums who are now dead and unable to defend themselves. Richard the Great emerges as the only noble and knowledgable person who always does the right thing and always barely misses the gold ring of finding and acquiring a lost art treasure. If you are interested in an egomaniac's view of his life and the shortcomings of others, written in the guise of stories about art this is the book for you. The editor should be fired for not catching the number of duplications of facts and typographical errors.",
61979,__label__2,"Let us not forget Secretariat's groom: Raymond Wolfe's great ""Secretariat"" is a masterpiece, and the pictures immortal. But I would like to give credit for the one man who had more to do with the well being of the greatest horse and knew him better than any person. That was his groom, Edward ""Shorty"" Sweat, probably the most professional, intuitive and caring groom in the business. He was a prince of a man who knew everything possible about Secretariat. Secretariat loved him like no other human--that says it all. The groom is always forgotten.",
61980,__label__2,"A Must for Racing Fans: This was the first biography/hagiography of Secretariat, and it was impossible to find for many years. A few years ago there was a limited edition of the book, but it was out of the price range for most Secretariat fans. Thank goodness the book is now readily available. Woolfe has wonderful photographs to back his prose and it is a fine companion to Bill Nack's book. Let's hope this edition doesn't go out of print.",
61981,__label__2,Magnificent Horse!: This a beautiful array of pictures of the greatest horse ever! Even people who aren't that interested in animals would probably enjoy it!,
61982,__label__2,"very nice book: bought as a gift, it seems very well put together and very informative for anyone who is interested in the best race horse ever",
61983,__label__2,"fantastic pictures: This book is full of pictures which is what I was looking for even more than informative text, though it has that as well. It's a good overall recollection of a horse and the events that occurred when I was just twelve, but has touched my life forever.",
61984,__label__2,"Secretariat: Because of a lifetime interest of all things Horse, i enjoy reading about them, their owners, handlers,etc.i was able to see the great horse SECRETARIAT run his races,winning and the two he lost. so much has been said about that incredible horse, that i really cannot add more words, except WOW!!!!! HE was quite the BOY.",
61985,__label__2,"SECRETARIAT, updated Edition: SECRETARIAT has been my hero since 1973 when he demolished all Triple Crown records. I read everything I can about him; I have an entire room devoted to his pictures. Any book about SECRETARIAT is a great book, and this one is.",
61986,__label__2,"THE Best Secretariat Book!: I've always been a Secretariat fan, since I was a 12 year old horse crazy girl and saw him run for the first time. I own two Secretariat books and while they are both good, this one is by far more detailed and interesting. Not to mention the GREAT photos. Very well done.",
61987,__label__2,"This book is great!: This book is great and chock full of beautiful, rich, and colorful photos; Secretariat almost looks real in some of them. It has just as much accurate information as Bill Nack's ""The Making of a Champion,"" but doesn't go into the tedious detail of related bloodlines and the syndicate deal made for Secretariat. I found this book to be better than Nack's because of that, the pacing, and the gorgeous photos.",
61988,__label__2,"Triumphant Again!!: I have to admit that when I bought this CD back in 1992, I did not like it. But just the other day I was listening to it again. Now I love it. I don't know if it was time or just my music taste changed but I am glad that I have the CD. Standouts are: It's Over, Turn My Back On Love, Somewhere Tonight & Child Of The City. Do not pass this CD off because of the bad reviews. It really is very good.",
61989,__label__2,"Great last Triumph album!: This album rocks and Gil Moore sounds great.Even though Rik Emmett left the band, this album rocks hard with great riffs.A great album for Triumph fans!",
61990,__label__1,"Generic, Flat and Terrible: This is a terrible excuse for a Triumph album. The worst, most generic piece of junk ever put out under that name.Rik Emmitt is sorely missed, and this album drowns in mediocrity without his presence.I gave this cd away, I hated it so much. One would hope they could at least live up to a song like ""Follow Your Heart"" from Thunder 7 (which only used Rik a little bit), but they cannot even muster a song close to that on this dreadful waste of recording materials.If I could give it a ZERO I would.AVOID, if you liked any other Triumph album.",
61991,__label__1,"Lost the main talent: This album proves that Rik Emmett was the driving force of Triumph and the most adept musician. Although much heavier sounding than any other Triumph work, the songwriting and musicianship is flat and uninteresting. The production values are decent and one song made it to a movie soudtrack (Hellraiser III) This work is OK if you think of it as a different band with the same name, but it can't compare to any other Triumph album and it's a good thing that they called it quits after this.",
61992,__label__2,"Left me very uneasy.: This book is written as though the main character, Gabriel Anderson, had wrote out his experience and I (as the reader) am reading his words. It all takes place in Rome, Georgia. Gave does not work, has a wonderful girlfriend, and no major problems. When his headaches and nose bleeds begin he ignores them and ends up in the hospital.A male figure in the shadows talks inside Gabe's head and Gabe can see evil, dead beings. No one else can see them though. People around him are dying horribly and many believe Gabe is the killer! Is he?Here is a book that will make you wonder and leave you feeling very uneasy! ****",
61993,__label__2,WOW!: This is a great documentary of deaf people and culture. It has a great history and some interesting insights from deaf adults and children! I am happy this movie was made to help many hearing people understand the differences among the deaf people within the world and the effects it can take. I hope parents see this and are given all options for their children who are deaf.,
61994,__label__2,Through Deaf Eyes: The best all-around history of the Deaf community and Deaf experience on film. Very useful for personal information or a Deaf studies course. Having the most famous Deaf success stories (some of whom I've met) helps to dispell some of the misconceptions hearing people still have about Deaf people. I highly recommend this product. I guaranty if you watch this with some of your Deaf friends it will spark one of the most interesting and impassioned conversationsThrough Deaf Eyesyou will ever have.,
61995,__label__2,Perfect DVD for learning about the Deaf culture and history: Hes! this DVD is a great way to learn about the Deaf world. I have two friends who are deaf. I really love this DVD.,
61996,__label__2,"200 Year Visual Romp Through American Deaf: Chris of Centerville's excellent review of this DVD has it pretty well nailed. It is good exposure to America of the deaf among us, and their history. It has great short films and characteristic brief snippets of deaf relating their life, their history, their frustrations, their triumphs (loved the Gallaudet president story).Also, her noting that the latter part emphasis on Cochlear Implants was quantitatively speaking potentially misleading to the uninformed viewer. America in many cases believes and at the least hopes that technology and science will be the savior of everything, including deafness. They also love the latest, greatest attempts from this field. So, Cochlear Implants are the latest offering.The plays were highlights for me of this well done effort. As others have pointed out, it is always so difficult to compress 200 years into 2 hours, but this is good attempt. Maybe its success will inspire more.",
61997,__label__2,"Amazing: This documentary was wonderful. I want to watch it again and again. I am a college student learning ASL and Deaf Culture, and I absolutely loved this program. There is so much to learn about the history and diversities within deaf culture, and this documentary covered so much from so many different viewpoints. Each story told is different and so you can really get a sense for the complexity of this culture. It will tug at your heart. Throughout the program are not only interviews, stories, and history, but also clips from deaf filmmakers and deaf artistic expressions. It's a great program.",
61998,__label__1,"The Overcoat: I purchased this item thinking it was the English translation, probably because the title was in English and I could find no indication that it was the original Russian text. I would suggest making it very clear which language the book is written in. I ended up giving it away to one of my colleagues, who is a Russian teacher, to give to a student someday.",
61999,__label__1,"Not useful to me: I'm a hardcore Java developer. I develop non-trivial client/server applications 10+ hours a day for a living. The concept behind the book sounded useful. I was wrong. A big listing of classes and method signatures is not useful. How is...Socket: public void setOOBInline(boolean on) throws SocketException... helpful information? It doesn't aid me in finding the method I need to do something, it doesn't aid me in figuring out what a method does... it doesn't help me to understand how to use a class or method, it is just raw information.Browsing through the on-line javadocs are far easier and more productive for me. If you want a good Java reference book, the ""Java Class Libraries"" books are FAR more useful (and I highly recommend them).",
