20000,__label__1,"Stagnent!: I love the RoF series. I love the politics, intrigue, planing, and military actions. But this book is borderline horrible! The Ram Rebellion was fun for the first 20 to 30 pages, but then it just got old. Simply felt like bad filler in a worse dinner. How many pages about a dance instructor trying to figure out how to get a dance company up and running? It became a Seinfeld show. A book about 'nothing'. I have read maybe 1000 sci-fi/fantasy books. I can count on one hand how many I have just given up on or skipped through. This is one of them. This is the equivalent of a modern day reality show about little to nothing. Some may like that, some may love that. Good for you. I feel ripped off in time and money.I wont buy any more written by VD.",
20001,__label__1,"Slow and Confusing: To me, the best recommendation for a book is how often I re-read it after I have read it the first time. For example, most of my copies of Robert Heinlein's books and early Tom Clancy novels are almost worn out. By that note, this book gets low marks, unlike other books in this series. It is slow and confusing. Fans of the series probably should read this book as it does contain information important to other books in the series, but these are characters and stories you will soon forget. I have.",
20002,__label__1,"Wish they'd remember they're spinning a yarn!: Sorry about the terrible pun in the review title, given the subject matter of this book. But the book is a death march--a long slog through trivia that might be fascinating to a few Baen's Bar fanatics, but which the rest of us find pretty boring. The greatest thing about 1632 was the fact that it told a great story, which was strong enough to hold the history that was hung all over it. The storytelling isn't nearly as strong here, and the history weighs it down. Recommended for die-hard 1632 fans only.",
20003,__label__2,"Don't Dodge This Ram: While this book isn't quite up to the standards of the previous books in the 1632 series, it's still a good read. A bit more analytical and lacking the ""big names in history"" factor of it's predecessors, it manages to remain entertaining while examining the ground-level effects of the intersection of modern social mores with 15th century German societal unrest. Fans of the series should be well-satisfied with the book.",
20004,__label__1,"Ponderous and Uneven: I need to start out by saying I thoroughly enjoyed 1632 and 1633 and am an avid fan of alternate history novels. That said, wow, this book has been some serious work to get through. With a cast of over 50 characters (many who go by several names) and multiple stories cobbled together, this book is all over the place. I tend to read in small sessions and this book is not conducive to that at all. This book is only for the die hard fans of the series, and then only for those who like stories about tedious political maneuvering.This counts as strike two against the entire series, with 1643: The Galileo Affair being the first. Mr. Flint needs to get this series back on track and stop focusing on these side stories. The main story line is solid and makes for great novels. Save these side stories for the short story compilations where they belong. I will try 1634: The Baltic War next, but if it is strike three, then I'm done with the series.",
20005,__label__1,"Hugely Disappointing: I've read all the previous entries in the Grantville Universe and enjoyed most of them quite a bit. But where the use of various writers and short stories worked well for a time, the quality of the writing has been steadily decreasing.The Ram Rebellion reads as a book totally abandoned by Eric Flint and handled almost entirely by the Regulars at Baen's Bar. I understand Baen's practice of pairing up-and-coming writers with more established writers in order to develop new talent and further the plot of popular series. It's worked well in the past.Here it simply failed. I'm about 1/5 through the book and am so tired of the lackluster writing, the sophomoric humor and the terribly slow plot progression that I'm putting it away for good. I'm probably unlikely to read the rest of the series because it's reached a point where having Flint's name on the cover is totally meaningless and not at all representative of the quality of writing to be expected within.",
20006,__label__1,"Big disappointment: Another big disappointment. We seem to be getting more and more filler books. I absolutely loved the 1st two (1632 & 1633). From then on this series has been going downhill. The Ram Rebellion is a dis-jointed series of short stories about goats, of all things. Made no sense to me and ended up just tossing it in the trash where, I feel, it belongs. Again-the first two books were absolutely spellbindin. I'll be much more careful (read all the reviews) before I get sucked into another turkey like this one. Only gave it one star because there is no zero star rating. I'm really dis-appointment because Eric Flint is one of my favorite authors. Nothing personal Eric, just business, but this is a real piece of junk.",
20007,__label__1,"Awful: I am a great fan of Eric Flint's works but this one is just plain awful. If I wanted to read fantasy, I would buy it. I just feel that by putting this book in the series, they were trying to sell something that otherwise would not sell. I would not recommend an alternate history fan buy this book!",
20008,__label__1,"Don't waste your time.: I loved the first two books in this series but this one is a waste of time. Stories about sheep farming and ballet, are you kidding me? Call me when Mr. Flint gets back to the struggle of surviving in the brutal 17th century.",
20009,__label__1,"The reviews are more interesting than the book: I must say that several of the reviewers that gave this book fours and fives showed a livelier imagination and greater writing ability than did the people that contributed to this book. If you've been reading the reviews, and counted the stars, the ones have it. There's little to add that hasn't been said already. I simply wanted to add my two cents in the hope that I might save one person eight hundred or so cents.This book is not an enjoyable read. Say what you will about the aims Eric had for this book... I buy books to read for enjoyment. This one I finished only because I spent money on it and I hate throwing away a book without reading it once. It was a relief to hit the last page.",
20010,__label__2,"looks real..: I really like it, looks real. But I only have had it for 3 weeks. I wear it alot, instead of my wedding rings. I will see if it tarnishes. Hope not. But I did not pay much for it. Hey I recommend it. It is real a good deal for what I payed!",
20011,__label__1,was not what i ordered: it was terrible and not what i ordered at all very very angry when i got my item maybe it was my fault but wasn't happy,
20012,__label__2,"great product, simple yet elegant looking!: great product, simple yet elegant looking! very satisfied. on time delivery. Looks and feels as advertised. Had an issue with size, returned and correct size was shipped immediately.",
20013,__label__2,"I use this daily and it's great!: I don't really like wearing my wedding/engagement rings on a daily basis. I'm always doing something with my hands, at the gym etc that the rings make me feel uncomfortable and I needlessly worry about whether the diamonds would drop off or I'd lose them.I bought this ring off Amazon.com as it was a cheap version of what my wedding band looked like. I have used this for the past 1 year and trust me, it's been through a lot. It still looks great! It's comfortable, no maintenance, low stress, negligible investment and it looks great. No one knows it's not my real wedding band!It really does serve my purpose. I would recommend this ring to anyone who would like something affordable for everyday use but doesn't come off like it came out of a 3rd grader's jewelry box. Quality product.",
20014,__label__2,"Solid but not jaw dropping.: I've worn this ring out maybe 10-20 times and have not had any problems with tarnishing or discolorations, even after many handwashings per day. It's quite shiny (both the CZ and the silver), my only knock is that the prongs holding the crystals down have such a large surface area compared to the stones, detracting from the sparkliness of the CZ. (I bought this to replace a channel-set eternity band which did not have that problem.)I was a little concerned that pointy end of the stones would poke my finger through the holes on the inside, but I can't feel them. I don't understand why there are holes at all.",
20015,__label__2,"Fabulous: This little ring is worn regularly and has fared well. No stones have fallen out, it's kept it's sparkle with little cleaning and my mom's friend, who is a jeweler, commented on how well made this ring is when taking a quick look at it. I write this review about a year (or more) after having bought this item, so highly recommend it.The only thing that prevented me buying another one and from giving it 5 stars is that I am very put off by the stamp inside the ring that reads ... Made In China! ...",
20016,__label__1,"CZ ring: This wasn't expensive, but it is rather cheap looking. I have seen better CZ rings like this, at about the same price.",
20017,__label__1,"it nice, but meh: its nice the first few times you wear it, but it quickly look dingy, even after being careful not to get it too worn out.",
20018,__label__1,"Very pretty, not durable: I rrceived my ring very quickly in the mail. Because it was on sale, I felt I'd gotten a great deal! Especially once I put it on my finger. Its a beautiful ring! But in less than a week, one of the stones is already gone. What a disappointment.",
20019,__label__2,Nice ring: Good solid band with just the right amount of sparkle. Using this to replace my wedding set when I'm working as nurse (always afraid of losing a diamond or scratching someone otherwise).,
20020,__label__2,♥: Love it. I ordered this to go with my engagement ring until we save enough for a platinum version. Size is accurate. I adore it.,
20021,__label__2,Really nice ring: I bought this to go with my engagement ring. It's really sparkly and nice quality. Looks nice with my real diamond anniversary band,
20022,__label__2,S/S C/Z Eternity Ring: This ring is slim & fancy at the same time! It is a very precious ring to own & i am proud to say I have one. It was a great deal for the $! I love it!,
20023,__label__1,"Cheap as h--l!: This rings looks nothing like the picture at all! The stones are so small I can barely even tell they are stones, then the ring is so thin and small. It looks like a ring I would buy in a egg from a machine. I returned it promptly. This was a very misleading buy.",
20024,__label__1,Too small: I returned this item because the diamonds were too small. It wasn't a channel set and you couldn't appreciate the diamonds enough. I found a channel set band of the same size and diamonds were more visible. It was not what I expected.,
20025,__label__1,"""Made in China"" printed on the inside: Beautiful ring, but with ""made in china"" printed quite clearly on the inside of the ring, it doesn't seem like the best kind of gift if it's supposed to mean something. Another review warned me of this tacky attribute of the ring, but I thought, ""there's no way a 2mm ring could visibly have those words printed on its interior!"" Well, I was wrong.",
20026,__label__1,"cheesy: When I saw this ring it looked very pretty, wrong! The ring looks very cheesy, nothing like the picture! The stones are so small they are almost non existant. I could have got a nicer ring in a bubble gum machine. I just can't believe I bought this peice of crap. I'll never by another piece of jewelry, unless I see it in my hand first. I live and learn everyday. I won't waste my time sending it back, but at least I learned a lesson!",
20027,__label__1,"Eternity ring: I ordered the size I usually wear but it was too small and I did not rec,info.on how to exchange.",
20028,__label__1,"Nothing as pretty as the picture: I ordered this ring because it was so pretty and it got great reviews however, I am not happy with it at all but for the price, I will get over it!",
20029,__label__1,dislike: It looked like aluminum foil up against my engagement ring. I am not satisfied as I wanted it to be a temporary wedding band till i get a real one. But I can say by it's self it's cute. It could look real on a finger by itself.,
20030,__label__1,not well made.....: The ring was beautiful when I received it...but one of the stones fell out in the first few days....so I can't wear it any longer....,
20031,__label__2,gorgeous ring: I got this as a wedding ring replacement due to the the fact my wedding band is too small for me now. This ring is really beautiful and looks so real. What a great price too.,
20032,__label__2,"Just like the Picture.: Fast and Speed delivery! The ring is very SHINY and petite, great for a gift. It looks amazing in the light and goes great with everything.I would definitely recommend this ring for any buyers seeking a simple yet beautiful product.",
20033,__label__1,"Disappointed: This was not what I expected, but for the price, I should have realized it would not look like an expensive ring. The stones were very, very small. It was returned.",
20034,__label__2,Very nice looking Item: The rings are very nice looking and it's easy to wear a couple to get a wider-look effect. I like them a lot!,
20035,__label__1,Might not be worth it..: After about a week of wearing it one of the stones fell out. Other then that it was very pretty. But i cant wear it anymore.,
20036,__label__1,disappointed!: I wore it once and a stone has already fallen out. Spent way too much money for that to be acceptable.,
20037,__label__2,"Beautiful Ring: This ring is beautiful, stones are set nicely no gaps and smooth, comfortable fit. Believable and can be stacked with other rings.",
20038,__label__1,"this thing is huge: unless you have massive hands, this thing is too big. as soon as i got it out of the box i put it in my hand and back into the box and returned it. spend the extra money and get a dreamcast controller. nyko has another controller that it has but amazon no longer carries. that one is good (purple).",
20039,__label__2,"Zany film of Lousiana backwaters: Super fun-filled movie depicting a thirties raccoon hunt of that era. It has speed boats, air boats, old jalopies, horses, coon dogs, loopy characters, but is definitely not politically correct. Have a howling good time at the antics of good folks like Ben Johnson, Don Johnson, Jack Elam among many other well known character actors.",
20040,__label__2,"Soggy Bottom U.S.A.: Very funny Movie with: Don Johnson, Ben Johnson, and Dub Taylor. This will cause you to cry laughing, pee your pants, or roll on the floor!! Very Funny",
20041,__label__2,soggy bottom usa: We watched this movie years ago and liked it. It is a funny and good family movie without the bad language scenes etc. Good good clean entertainment.,
20042,__label__2,"A joy to watch again and again.: One of the great unknown movies of all time. Good clean fun and humor, family friendly, no foul language. All together a great movie of a bygone era that still holds up today. This movie is truely a joy to watch. Ben Johnson, Don Johnson and a host of others really bring this movie to life. It is such a shame to see this treasure like so many other great old movies just vanish, it is nice to see it on DVD so I can give my old VHS tape a rest. If you like movies with swamps, moonshiners, the worlds first airboat (including alot of self destructing prototypes), a coondog race, and all manner of good clean fun then you will love this movie.",
20043,__label__2,Soggy Bottoms Hilarious: This is a movie we had for our children and it was so funny we'd get tears in our eyes. Wanted to give it to my grandson because we keep telling him about it. Loved it.,
20044,__label__2,"Old-time Knee-slapping at it's finest!: When this movie was first released, my dad, aunts & uncles, grandparents and anyone else of the ""older"" family generational ties would sit down countless times and watch this, and would end up laughing so hard at times you would almost swear they farted in their pants! Seriously, it's from a day and age before times as we know them now, but it was so cleverly put together, any generation will - kids and adults alike - will find it a classic, hard to turn away from. You could say its stupid, silly, cantankerous - but not dirty or raunchy (well, not that much anyway - maybe just a teensy bit on the wild side). In a word - it's an awesome, funny, hold-your-ribs movie. Imagine going through a race and your car and driver is riding so wildly, and your hanging on for your dear life and finally, at one point - ""Oh Lord I do hereby repent of my sins...""If that doesn't sound so funny, then you're missing the boat - and the movie... :o)",
20045,__label__2,good movie about moonshiners: We like movies about moonshinning and bad guys and then there's comedy like the dog and romance. then this all happens with all the water.,
20046,__label__2,bad ass: i really loved this movie have not seen it since i was a kid i really enjoyed seeing it again,
20047,__label__2,"It is showing positive results!!: The smell is kinda strong, but it is working like a charm. My feet don't smell bad and my feet are less sweatier. I recommne",
20048,__label__2,"Worked on the first use: Really like this product. It is really cold in the north-east and I wear socks all the time, even like to sleep with socks and it was making my toes itch. The first time I used this, it stopped the itch. I just put a couple of drops on a small sponge and wash my feet with it. The itch is completely gone. Great product. Will purchase it again.",
20049,__label__1,"NO use!!!: It feels good after washing with it, but it has no effect on my fungi-nail at all!!! But it do feels good using it to wash.",
20050,__label__1,"Inexpensive and Ineffective: They claim the product ""helps relieve the discomfort of itching and dryness associated with athlete's foot while it cleans and refreshes skin."" I have athlete's foot and this product has not relieved the discomfort and itching, nor has it even come close to refreshing the skin. Even though there are dozens of good reviews the product is weak and does not help. Don't be fooled!",
20051,__label__2,Terrific Remedy: I am a diabetic & I was lucky to find this product a few years ago when phlebitis and cellulitis in my legs were a big problem.Not only is Pedifix's Funga Soap easy to use it's also soothing and helps to keep the irritation under control.You can feel the relief immediately. I would highly recommend this product to one and all!The quick & efficient way Amazon was able to provide me with an inexpensive yet dependable source made my orderingeasy & the shipment was sent immediately.I couldn't ask for a better service.,
20052,__label__2,"No complaints!: Husband gets poison ivy rash every weekend on our farm! This product, one from a wide variety tried and tested, works! It relieves the old man's irritation and my sanity from his complaining. I like it also. We now use as a body wash. No other product needed!",
20053,__label__1,Worthless.: This stuff doesn't do anything. It's a waste of money. Don't be fooled like I was by the positive reviews.It's too watery and it smells bad. It's just bubbly tea tree oil scented soap.,
20054,__label__2,"A few drops & nail brush is all it takes!: I bought this product based on other reviewers liking it to banish fungal foot problems. I started taking yoga class at the gym twice a week and, after the 1st week, noticed a peeling toes! They were mostly peeling at the tips where you place them on the mat for downward dog. Anyway, I was grossed out since I usually do not have athlete foot problems. So I used this for 2-3 days in a row and then a couple times a week after yoga class once the problem cleared up. And you do not need much, use a few drops on a nail brush for each foot and start scrubbing the fungus away. It has a strong tea tree scent, but I like, and I know it is working and it dissipates in a few minutes. It's worth it! It's also worth to clean the yoga mat periodically to get rid of the fungus from the nasty gym floor.",
20055,__label__2,"Not just for feet.: My little boy had a rash on his neck and back that would not go away. His doctor didn't think it was anything serious and recommended hydrocortisone ointment (which did absolutely nothing and I am not a fan of continuous use of steroids, even if its over the counter). I jumped on amazon to see if I could find something mild to use on him. I found this item and was immediately interested because I often use tea tree oil for many different reasons. Once I received this product, I immediately began to use it once a day on during his bath on the rash on his neck/back. Within 3 days, the rash was gone. This product is lightly scented, mild, and does not leave any residue. I even use it to wash his hair (it helped his dry scalp).",
20056,__label__2,Foot relief: I LOVE this product. This is my second purchase. It gives me relief from the plague of athletes foot. I appreciate this soap very much and am glad I gave it a try.,
20057,__label__2,"Great on my heels!: I read all of the previous reviews and thought I'd give this product a try. I have had cracked heels for years that my husband has repeatedly told me was due to foot fungus. I've tried athlete's foot sprays and creams which work for a while but then stop. After only a few days of cleaning my feet with this product my heels are almost completely smooth! I've never had that fast of a response using sprays and creams. Plus, I've been using it as a body-wash and have noticed a decrease in body odor after I exercise. I love this stuff!",
20058,__label__2,Works well: Worked well on itch. Its certainly no miracle cure. Like other reviews say you have to use it everyday. I will probably buy this again.,
20059,__label__1,No help: This product did nothing. You are better off with regular soap and just drying off well. Use a hair dryer if you must.,
20060,__label__1,Does not work for tinea versicolor: I used this religiously until I finished the bottle. It did not help with my versicolor at all. All it really did is dry out my skin a lot.,
20061,__label__1,"Had a bad reaction to this soap: This soap made me break out in a rash everywhere I used it. I do not have insurance and I thought I would try to get around going to the dermatologist, but in the end it cost me more because I had to go to the doctor for the rash this soap caused and the original problem. It was $96 for an office visit(the dr. actually gave me a discount believe it or not) and I got 3 different kinds of meds that cost me $76 total. Just be careful if you use this stuff. Not sure what I had the reaction to because there's alot of stuff in it.",
20062,__label__1,"Worthless: This product made me break out really bad. Lots of people said it has a great smell to it, it smells pretty weird.. I notice no difference with using the product except that made me break out. Don't waste ur money on it..",
20063,__label__1,"pedifix: Maybe for a mild case of athlete's foot. This does not work for severe or chronic tinea versicolor. The tee tree content is pretty high, but it's not enough.",
20064,__label__2,"Really Works!: This stuff really works, i can tell a big change in my feet they have really softened up. I use this soap with the soapy suds scrubber in the shower. The tea tree oil is the ticker, but it has a strong smell so the shower is the right place for it.",
20065,__label__2,"Not a perfect cure but it definitely helps.: My boyfriend had suffered from terrible athlete's foot for years when I met him. I've made it a mission to help cure it. He said he's been to doctors numerous times and it never improves. His feet are red, cracked, peeling and insanely itchy. The shower always hurts his feet and makes them itch more.After buying a few products from the store (lotions, etc) and not showing any improvement I started looking online which led me to this stuff. The product smells a little funky (the whole bathroom will smell like it after he uses it) but it has really helped. He's nowhere near cured but the cracking has stopped (his skin hasn't split in awhile), the redness has gone down and they don't itch near as much. We're pleased with the results.More recently we've also started bleaching his feet which sounds crazy but does help!",
20066,__label__1,"I Really Wanted This Like This Product: My skin is extremely prone to fungal infections. As a result, I almost always have an active fungal infection. I am treating my current infection with an anti-fungal powder in combination with FungaSoap in the shower. I had really hoped that the FungaSoap would be effective in helping to eliminate my current problem as well as helping to keep future infections away. Reading all of the glowing reviews on this page led me to believe that this was a reasonable expectation, but unfortunately I am not having that experience. So far, after three weeks of use, all this product has done for me is cause a rash in a place where there was no skin problem before. At this point, I think I am going to stop using this product. I wish I hadn't wasted my money on two bottles of this stuff that I will not be using again.",
20067,__label__1,"Didn't work: Don't waste your money.I tried this for my ringworm. Did not work at all. It could have actually made it worse.Pros:None.Cons:a)This product will dry your skinb)You may break out if you're allergic to any of the ingredients, which may have happened to mec)It burns and stings for a quite a while after applicationd)It is watery and comes out faste)It is expensive for what you getI'd suggest an ant-fungal topical ointment before this. Don't be fooled by the great and perfect reviews. It is not great at all.",
20068,__label__1,"May work for others, but did not seem effective for me.: I don't like it simply because didn't help with my issue with tinea, not even a little. Was hoping it would of made some sort of difference, but after 3 months of using this, it didn't help with my issue.",
20069,__label__2,"Smells funny, but works great!: I bought this product for my granddaughter to try on her eczema. It helped with her itching. I also tried as a body wash. As a women going through menopause, there are places you tend to sweat wear you never sweated before. I was noticing an unpleasant odor and tried different things to help get rid of that. This product smells funny, but it rinses off. I no longer have the odor.",
20070,__label__2,"Wonderful Product that Works: very good product for treating skin affected with skin fungus...I myself experienced some ringworm in some interesting places that looked just aweful. After continuted use of this product, I find it helps aid healing the skin and well worth the peace of mind it brings. The affected site returned to normal in about one week, and I am relieved.I highly recommend.Best Wishes to all,DL in NY",
20071,__label__1,"Please Don't Fall for the False Reviews: I purchased this product a year ago; looking back, however, I believe I fell victim to such great reviews... a little too great. Some posts goes from one month to the next. Others are posted a day apart with similar titles such as ""relief!"" or ""immediate relief!"" Ugh. I should have been more suspicious. Oh, and the product did nothing for my Tinea Versicolor. :(",
20072,__label__2,Strong Vapor Action: Didn't cure my athlete's foot like others claimed but it does seem to clean deeper than regular soap. A worthwhile investment.,
20073,__label__1,"smells horrible: Bought this product to help with hives and some foot issues however this stuff smell horrible kinda like something a hospital would use I could barely use it once, as for as effectiveness nothing has changed however I only used it once.",
20074,__label__2,still using it: I am using this production for 2 weeks and not seeing big difference and at the same time it is not harming. I think it is too soon to decide.,
20075,__label__1,"Feels nice, smells nice, but didn't work for me: I ordered this attempting to replace a clomitrazole and betamethasone diproportionate cream I use by prescription for a rash on my leg. While enjoyable to use, it was ineffective at preventing my rash.Following this, I triedClotrimazole Anti Fungal Creamand have seen good results. It seems the betamethasone isn't necessary to keep my rash under control.",
20076,__label__1,"Great Product, but Inaccurate Size Info: This is a great product that works exactly as advertised. My issue here is with the seller. They list the item as 11.2 oz., but the actual size is just 6 oz. You can get this cheaper from other vendors on Amazon.",
20077,__label__1,nope: I bought this product after conduct research on how to help cure my mothers condition. I can say with confidence that it did not work. Maybe I need to research a different item.,
20078,__label__1,"Foot Splash: It is not antifungal. For a new, fresh, clean scentto feet, eh maybe try massage oil or a scented moisturizing powderrather than this product.",
20079,__label__2,"I bought it, but my daughter loved it!: I bought it but my daughter loved it so much it disappeared. She said it made her acne much better!We also loved the scent.",
20080,__label__1,"Hoped it would work for me, but didn't...: After reading all the good reviews, I bought this product hoping it would work for me. I used it religiously for 3 months and unfortunately there was no change in my condition. I hate to give it one star because it seemed to work for so many other people, but I have to because it didn't perform as expected :(.",
20081,__label__1,"just a nice soap: This is a nice soap, nice smell. But it had absolutely no effect on toenail fungus and foot itching. I really do not understand where all the extremely positive reviews come from...",
20082,__label__2,"Refreshing soak for tired toes: I don't have fungus, but after reading the product description decided to buy this product anyway. It's a refreshing, non-drying foot soap. As a diabetic, I have to be careful about how a bath leaves my skin, especially in winter. This allows for a gentle, antibiotic cleansing. Revives the tired toes and soothes hard working feet.",
20083,__label__1,"disappointed! little treatment: I have to say this one has little treatment for my Tinea Versicolor on stomach. I have used two bottles for 6 months, but it just very slightly goes better. I also used other tree oils, but still no effect. maybe it's because mine is a little bit severe since it's already there for like 4 yeas before I decided to treat it. But it's no excuse. it's should be used to treat this kind of gray skin. I'm disappointed.",
20084,__label__2,"Pleasantly surprised...: I bought the smaller bottle to help with athletes foot. Now I use it as my body wash. The smell is strong, but after a few days I got used to it and it's really refreshing.",
20085,__label__1,"Letdown: When i first heard of the possibility of a star blazers dvd i was quite excited.Unfortunately once i received it,i was throughly disappointed.Even though the original program was quite old,voyager could have done a much better job here.They cut corners to save money.Even some of the poorest vcd's have better video and sound quality than this dvd edition.You would do yourself much better to buy the current video tapes that are out there.As long as you have a halfway decent vcr,you'll do much better than this dvd edition.Keep your eye out for the japanese edition dvd's.I'm sure they are coming,if they aren't out already.They won't cut corners at the expense of quality.Save your money and spend it on some other anime dvd's like sol bianca.(Don't waste your money on the funimation dragonball z dvds,or the evangelion dvd's either.Their quality is almost bad as this)",
20086,__label__2,"Woohooo: One day I was discussing anime with some people at work and it made me think of the Star Blazers tune back from when I was 7 or 8 years old. So, I went lookin on the internet for the series on DVD. At the time they hadn't even released part I yet, so I waited and bought it the day it came out. The grainy film (it hasn't been touched up) and quirky music only seem to add value for me because it is exactly the way I remembered it. Enhanced sound may have been okay though, since I did spend a lot of money on my surround system. (Thus one star deducted)Also what may be a point of interest... I filled in the registration card that came with the DVD. Then I waited for a long time for the second disc to come out. When it finally came out I popped in the disc and they had added all the features I requested. Lost footage, etc. Except for better sound.",
20087,__label__2,"Flashback to childhood: I ordered this DVD with the expectation that it'd be an amusing return to childhood diversions of getting up early to watch Star Blazers before school. I was pleasantly surprised how well it translated to DVD and how well the story held up. No, it's not a work of genius, and I had hoped for some ""DVD special features"", but it was everything I expected and then some.",
20088,__label__2,"Another version?: Not sure what DVD the other reviewers were looking at, but the one I bought had a slideshow tour of the Yamato on it, so it isn't quite exactly right to say there are *no* extras (though a somewhat disappointing extra). It is true for Part II of the series, though. All in all, it leaves the viewer only nearly satisfied. The price is just a bit high for what you're getting.",
20089,__label__2,"Star Blazers: Quest for Iscandar: The only thing keeping this DVD from a 5 star rating is the lack of extras (there are none to speak of). Having not seen this series in about ten years I was amazed at how well the story telling held up. As interesting today as in my youth. The animation isn't as crisp as the animation of today, but the characters more than make up for it. Whether your reliving your childhood or giving you children something worth watching you can't go wrong. I can't wait till the next installment. Enjoy",
20090,__label__1,"Painful: Glassjaw are horrible, i dont know what possessed me to pick this up, but i gave it one listen and then shut it in a draw. Nothing but typical nu-metal power chords and alot of forced wimpy screaming. Theres no melody or ryhthm, just chaotic noise.",
20091,__label__1,"Not as good as I was expecting: Well after reading all these reviews I got this CD in anticipation that it was gonna be great. I was lead to believe that it was one the best cd's of this type of music so i went right out and got it. Turns out that glassjaw is not that good at all, their songs have no direction and dont make sense. I'm all for the screaming and everything but it doesnt work with them, the guitars have to be the worst thing about it, their all over the place, the singer is great and is the only thing that keeps it respectable. Some of the songs alright though, i really liked ape dos mil, and there were a few other decent ones like must have run all day, two tabs of mescaline, cavalcade and convectuoso. So overall, this cd just isnt what i thought it would be since i like bands that are supposed to be like it like the used, thrice, thursay, and other kinds of band like my chemical romance(which i really recommend).",
20092,__label__1,"This is exceedingly lame: Look! Another band blatantly mimicking At the Drive-In. Someone needs to tell these tools that if they're going to cop another bands style, they ought to at least make sure that the band is still relevant.",
20093,__label__2,"Solid: If you liked glassjaws last effort ""everything you ever wanted to know about silence""but thought it could have used a tune up in some areas, then you will really enjoy this album. Many people had gripes about things like the singers voice on the last album, but rest assued that Glassjaw has progresed as a band and it really reflects on Worship and Tribute. Glassjaw still maintains their range on this album but still manages to extend their style to excellent heights. I got an advance copy of this about 2 months ago and it still sounds as good as when i first got it, in fact i would say it sounds better. Theres something for everyone on this album, from hardcore to emo to punk, glassjaw covers the field and still makes it sound like their own. Worth checking out!!!!",
20094,__label__2,"Awesome: I just deiscovered these guys (oops, a little late.. oh well) and mucho mucho glad i did. Can't really be catoragized into one specific genre. Little hardcore, a tad of emo, some metalcore, and a lot of creativity. The singers voice is by far the best. I suggest you go and buy the CD (the samples here don't do much for ya). I mean I did, and i love it (and i'm usually listening to thrash, metalcore or math metal)",
20095,__label__2,Righhhtt: I just wanted to say: What kind of site would do something like put the all the title for The Used instead of GLASSJAW...come on please!!!,
20096,__label__2,"simply the BEST band: take my word... this is one of the best cd's ull ever find. the first cd of Glassjaw is great also. anyways, this cd has dynamics, great drumming and dope bass. if u wanna listen to some hardcore stuff, THIS IS IT! get it. u won't be disaapointed.",
20097,__label__2,I....hate.....you.....: I can't believe that they added convectusso to the track line-up: I F****** HATE IT WHEN A BAND ADDS TRACKS TO THEIR ALBUM! I BOUGHT YOUR ALBUM THE FIRST DAY IT CAME OUT! ARRRGGGGHHHH!!!! YOU TOO DEFTONES AND USED! JESUS! good album but JESUS!,
20098,__label__2,"Alterna-Metal ExtraOrdinaires!: This album kills their last. This one is way more raw, loud and noisy. But also more melodic. They have managed to flesh out their sound and experiment enough to stand out from the rest of SCREAMO. More inspired than most, Glassjaw have an energy; a creative edge consisting of both brains and brauns. And the lead singer,...that mug can scream! They have made their mark in hardcore - with this album, they are well on their way to joining the ranks of alterna-metal pioneers/revolutionaries/extraordinaires such as Deftones, Hum, Tool... i know thats saying alot. But this album drips with ingenuity, art, and uncompromised sound - quenching my thirsty ears.GlassJaw continue to push the envelope...Can't wait for the next 1.",
20099,__label__2,"One word---AMAZING!!!!!!!: This cd is absolutely awesome!Daryll's voice is great,the musicianship is excellent.This is an all around great cd.BUY IT!!!",
20100,__label__2,"one of the very best: this album, ""worship and tribute"" is an awesome album by glassjaw. daryl's voice is very sexy, and it chimes throughout the cd causing you to gear your attention at what is being said.there is no known musical genre to put this album into, for it is too great to be demoralized by labels. the guitar riffs and drums play of similarity to incubus, while daryl's voice can wail and coo liek chino moreno's. it is just too splendid to even put into words. it si great.",
20101,__label__2,"Excellent, except for the slow songs: As the title says, this album is excellent, except for the slow songs. ""Ape Dos Mil"" relies on an obvious rhyme with cursing and is off-putting. ""Must've Run All Day"" has an awkward Daryl singing ""come 'ere"" creepily. Rest of the album is tremendous, especially side B (Stuck Pig onward). The first three songs are rad, too.",
20102,__label__2,"Oh, the TEXTURE of it!: I liked EYEWTKAS not for the lyrics (which I actually thought were sub-par), but for the interesting musical soundscapes the rest of the band created. This CD is even better in that sense. From the first five seconds, in which a guitar riff moves from one speaker to another, you know that you are in for a musical odyssey of heavy riffs, frantic drumming, and frequent change within songs, a journey that increasingly few bands can take you on nowadays. Probably the best description of this work would be ""Dillinger Escape Plan goes emo."" If you like complex, intense rock with frequent tempo changes, get this CD right now. The only songs I don't like are ""Cosmopolitan Bloodloss"" and ""Ape Dos Mil,"" the first two singles. Oh well, maybe they'll get some emo kids to stop listening to their other music... and get some taste.",
20103,__label__2,"Scything hardcore beauty: The raw emotional energy that emanates from this album is incredible. Every song is a outpouring of Palumbo's heart and soul in his lyrics and singing. The musicianship on this album is stunning as well. The pure hardcore punk jams are intense and complex especially on the opening song ""Tip Your Bartender"" and the closing song ""Convectuoso"" along with ""Mu Empire"" and ""Radio Cambodia."" ""Stuck Pig"" is a hard hitting, wailing almost metal song that is surprisingly catchy. The song ""Must've Run All Day"" is a haunting, but beautiful trip that rings with sincere emotion. The song ""Cavalcade"" is memorable because of the sportscasting done by Palumbo at the end of the song. Sort of lyrical experimentation. Worship and Tribute is a superb album that is right up there with The Used's amazing debut in my book. Excellent vocals and musicianship with a sound that is completely their own. Hard to beat an album this good.",
20104,__label__2,"The best book: The Transall Saga is a really good book. It has a lot of action in it like when Mark is in the woods and a buffalo thing chases him. It also has a lot of suspense in it, for example, when he follows the monkey human things to their tribe. I can relate to this book because he had to build a shelter and I used to do that. I think this book is for kids from 10-16 years old. I liked this book a lot.Andrew W.",
20105,__label__2,Good Read!!: Great adventure book. Especially for the younger readers!!! Gary Paulsen has always been the master of wilderness adventure books. Never been disappointed!!,
20106,__label__2,"Great: This book was very durable, and a great book to read. I suggest this product to all big book readers.",
20107,__label__2,"not typical gary paulsen material: This book is quite a change from all of the other Paulsen books, although it retains Paulsen's usual underlying theme of survival in the wilderness. Yup. And I'm afraid that several of the other reviewers were misguided or perhaps confused, as the book is not overflowing with ""goar""; nor was the main character-Mark-on Mars. I found this novel captivating and entertaining. I enjoyed Mark's attitude that he aquired on Transall, which is the name of the world Mark is mysteriously transported to after falling into a bizzare blue light. This book has a satisfying ending and leaves the reader both awestruck and contemplative.",
20108,__label__2,"Not your typical Sci-Fi: We were assigned to read this book for my school's bookclub. At first I was disapointed that we were going to read a nerdy sci-fi book but once I got though the first chapter I was really interested. This book wastes no time at all getting into action. You will be hooked by page 11. It's a thought-provoking book, I am really looking foreword to discussing it!",
20109,__label__2,This book is cool: I rated this book four stars because I think that they should have made a second one or they should have made this one longer. It is a very adventurous book. So if you like adventurous books read this one.,
20110,__label__2,"The Transal Saga: I would recommend this book to anyone who seeks adventurous and mysterious books. This book has many problems and conflicts that result and rise up to the main idea or plot of the story. The characters throughout the story are very different and strange but in all, they all have vital parts in the story that affect the main problem, and small problems that arise in the story. The details are distinctly described, and are very clear. When you start to figure out what will happen next, something unexpected pops up and changes the whole story. After starting this magnificent book, you will never want to put it down. I myself thought the book was an incredible adventure book.",
20111,__label__2,"Challenging and confusing at times, but a definite Must Read: This book contained many characters and was easily confusing, but every moment I spent reading this was way worth the while. I read this book from 2:30 in the morning to just after four. I could have watched TV, one of my favorite hobbies, but I chose to read, instead!",
20112,__label__2,"Terrific Sci-Fi book!: I just got done reading ""The Transall Saga"" by Gary Paulsen. I have known about Gary Paulsen for sometime now ever since reading part of ""Hatchet"" in elementary school. This book however kept me more interested than Hatchet could ever hope to. The Transall Saga in my opinion is Paulsen's best book and I recommend it highly to readers of all ages. Paulsen wrote a Sci-Fi novel that actually gave me that feeling of being a kid again for the first time in my life! It contains an imaginative world with wonderful characters that you grow attach to. It has a little something for everybody: action, adventure, sci-fi, romance, survival, and good vs. evil of course. Truly a wonderful story that is of the highest in children storytelling.",
20113,__label__2,"The Transall Saga:school reveiw: Wow!This book was excellent,I don't think there's one part I disliked.I would rate this book with 5 stars because it was outstanding how Gary Paulsen matched the characters with what they feel.I liked how Mark was able to survive in another culture ,after being transported from the desert in a blue light to another planet in another time.I really liked how Mark became a very important member(a warrior) of the Tsook.I thought it was a little weird though, how Mark fell in love with the cheif's daughter,Megaan, from the Tsook, rather then the slave that he had known from when he first got there.I was suprised at how many people turned against Mark and wanted to be the one to stop the outlander.If you like science ficton and mystery, this is the book for you.",
20114,__label__2,"Vanchman's book shiznack: The Transall Saga by Gary Paulsen is a superb book. It takes place in the past on what appears to be a different planet. A young boy named Mark gets bitten by a snake and falls into a big blue light and is transferred into a new time. I encourage the people who are reading this to buy or get this book at a library or a book store, because once you start to read this book, you will never want to put it down.",
20115,__label__2,"An Exhilarating Adventure: 13-year-old Mark goes on a solo-backpacking trip in the old Magruder Range when a strange blue light transports him into another time. This trip turns into a terrifying adventure, which he now has to survive on his own and start a new life in the world called Transall. Along the way Mark meets tribes with unusual looking people and makes various friends. He also sees strange animals, gets involved with war, pain and fighting. Now he must search through this war torn land to find the blue light that sent him here so he can get back home. Mark soon discovers his startling powers. But when something really bad happens, all of his skills are tested. How will he win this battle of guts...literally guts? Will he find a way back or will he live in this strange world forever?This science fiction book is full of adventure, war, love, and new and amazing things. It is a good book for young adult readers who fantasize about living and surviving on their own.",
20116,__label__2,"Amazing!!!: I just finished reading this book,it was incredible! Just when you think it can't get any better it does! Gary Paulsen capsures the emotions and situations in this book! For people like me that doesn't like to sit down and read for hours and also wants it intresting and action packed this book is perfect!This is a must read 5 star book!",
20117,__label__2,"Transall Saga: Gary Paulsen shows his style of writing in this must read book. I've read books that don't make any sense at all but this one is an awesome book. It is about Mark who gets sent to a different planet by a mysterious blue light. Along the way back to his own time Mark finds out that people aren't the way they seem. Gary Paulsen is a excellent writer when it comes to this. I would recommend this book to readers who are interested in mysteries of the outside world. Any one who reads this book would love it instantly. I've read this book about three times and I still find suprises along the way. The book does have some goar, but it is a book that needs to be read. I've been assigned this book in fifth grade and I still can't stop and take a day to read it. Gary Paulsen just has a way to capture the reader and take them into the book. Honestly, this book is a great pick for a school project or just a reading material. Take my word on it. Read this book!",
20118,__label__2,"YES!!!! He's Done it again: ...this book is awesome!!... Mark, the main character is transported through time when he is on a hiking trip when he ventures towards a mysterious blue light and is sucked in. He then is forced to survive in the so called ""future"". Mark must find edible food, englsh speaking humans and friends such as his monkey to help him out. All sorts of elements come towards him that he must conquere and many things that he must come toward and conquere. During this book he finds other tribes and becomes parts of them, gets maried to an indian and also rides across nearly a whole desert. I would like to tell more but I worry i'm telling to much! I hope you find my review helpful!",
20119,__label__2,"Great for a sequel: First, if you have not read this book you have to read it, you are hooked from chapter 1. It would be great if Gary Paulsen wrote a sequel like brian's winter. What if the blue light never came and he had to make a life living on the new planet earth. I think a sequel to this book would be as great as the Hatchet sequels. Please send responses to this.",
20120,__label__2,"Thrilling Takes you to a different level of creativity: Wow! Gary Paulsen has done it again. In this brilliant masterpiece Mark, a 12 year old boy falls into a blue light and ends up on a differrent planet.The book is about him trying to find the blue light to get home. Paulsen does a fantastic job describing the new world and how brutal and tough Mark's journey is. This book is a must read! If you do not buy it please check it out at your local library",
20121,__label__2,Transall Saga: It was the best book ive ever read! I would have never read this book unless my librarian showed me that there was a new Gary Paulsen book out. He's my favorite author so I knew I had to read it. Gary Paulsen should keep writing books forever.,
20122,__label__2,"Tami can help you.: Tami Anastasia helped me find why I was keeping all my weight. I found the tools neededto help myself be healther and happier. Her approach is different but if you listen to what she says, you can do the same as I did.",
20123,__label__2,"The Cartoonish Insects & Slide Feature ""Bugs"" Me!: Charles Reasoner has designed a whole series of these interactive sliding books. All of them will probably have to be read with your child since the sliding feature is simply too hard to them to work. Each pages describes the action of a particular bug and then asks which bug does such and such. In all of his books, the animals are hidden between the page (which you are supposed to pull apart to reveal the animal). If your child was to look at it alone, he would simply be viewing pages of scenery. The bugs also look very cartoonish and don't entirely resemble what they are supposed to be. Having said this, I don't regret the purchase and recommend this book - with some reservations.",
20124,__label__2,"Not my favorite in the series: I am a pretty big fan of the Dave Robicheaux series but this was my least favorite book so far. I understand that Dave has a ""cowboy"" personality and always wants to rebel against any kind of authority figure but it was way overdone in this book.Also, I got pretty tired of young, really attra active women begging to sleep with Dave (a not-so-young alcoholic who has tons of issues and isn't particularly attractive). Once the third girl came after him, I was really rolling my eyes...All of that said, I really do like the series and have enjoyed many of the other books. I won't give up on Dave Robicheaux yet.",
20125,__label__2,"Down on the Bayou: Wow! This turned out to be far better than I had expected. I had seen the movie and hadn't been terribly impressed but decided to pick this up after watching ""In the Electric Mist"". Tommy Lee Jones evoked such a great character that I wanted more. My only real qualm with this book was the sex scenes that always came across as awkward. What worked well for me was the speech patterns, the food, the descriptions of life in New Iberia, the descriptions of the bayou and the areas around Dave's house, the villains, and the very nature of Dave as a dried out alcoholic that still struggles to find what makes him tick. Well done!",
20126,__label__2,"Heaven's Prisoners - touchs the heartbeat of the South: I grew up in Mr. Burke's Lousiana and know the cities he writes about. This book was like a visit home. This is a murder mystery novel for those, like myself, who usually don't read murder mystery novels. This book is about the inward struggles with the dark side of humanity as well as the public issues that we face. Mr Burke puts his reluctant hero in the middle of a murder and captures the esscence of Cajun culture.",
20127,__label__1,"Not his best: This is the third of Burke's Robicheaux books I've read, and, in my opinion, the worst. to give him credit, Burke's descriptions are ethereal, his characterizations (at least, of Dave & Clete) are vivid and make you care. Unfortunately, his political rants honk unpredictably and obnoxiously throughout his books (especially this one) like an amateur tuba player in a beautiful symphony. I want to be entertained, not preached at. There are also times that his denouements leave much to be desired. As as mystery-reader, the puzzle is very important to me. I want it to make sense, and I want the loose ends tied up.",
20128,__label__1,"Unfulfilled: I listened to this one on tape. The reader was perfect for the part. The story, however, left me high and dry. I felt like I'd fallen asleep and missed the part where he avenges his wife. Maybe I did. This was a depressing story for the most part but done by a talented writer. Too bad it seemed to stop instead of end. Loose ends left blowing in the wind all over the place.",
20129,__label__2,"James Lee Burke: Burke is a master at language. Most of his characters have depth and humor. Even those you dislike, and believe me there are a few. And he writes a hell of a mystery. Love him.Ceré",
20130,__label__2,"oh heavens: I think readers want to know whether or not a book is worth reading, rather than my telling the story. I think it is a really good book in this series. As a woman, I think he went from Annie, his wife that is killed, into another woman's bed a bit too quickly. I think the ending could have been made clearer. All in all it is a good, moody book. Dave has a lot of intelligent insight into his own psyche. May help us to have a peek into our own. From reviews, I can see the movie made from this novel is a loser, so I will skip it.",
20131,__label__2,"Applied Regression Analysis, Includes disk (Wiley Series in Probability and Statistics): esplains the theory very detaily.and lots of excercise and solution is included",
20132,__label__1,Timmy's Special Delivery: I have the movie in vhs but wanted to purchase it on dvd for my younger grandchildren who love the vhs. The vhs is giving us trouble. When I ordered the dvd they said it was in stock and charged me for the dvd. Then I was given a refund and told they did not have it. I would really like to have this dvd for my babies. I was very disappointed. I wish you wouldn't have said you had it then said you didn't. My review for the dvd is excellent but for your company ...poor.,
20133,__label__2,"2nd only to lord of the rings: If you have read any of my other reviews, you will notice that I'm a big fan of Gemmels. I love all his books, but none (except this one) have I ever rated 5 star. The characters are fantastic and I even became mournful when ever one of them died. In most novel I'm able to pick out a favourite character right from the begining, but in this story I could not decide who I liked the most.The demons are brilliantly contrasted from one another and I love the way all the odds are stacked against the goodies. You really feel that there is no way out for them, and I can promise that you will never predict the ending.This is a Drenai book, yet it is seperate from the Nadir war story line. So you don't have to read it in link with the others. Simply put: this is one of the best stories you'll ever come across.",
20134,__label__2,"Out to pasture: Some authors manage to completely ruin great characters by simply stopping to care about them. I think most readers of this genre love it when we get the great awe-inspiring acts of fresh on the scene heroes. David Gemmel manages to show the readers what happens when those same heroes get old.Gemmel has a talent for creating great scenes. There are other authors out there, who can perhaps describe a fight scene with more detail or zeal, but David Gemmel can deliver a simple scene and make it seem like a pearl hidden in an oyster. The action is not packed into this book, but there is enough for readers like me to keep us turning the pages. I enjoyed the character intereaction in this book. He doesn't try and make you love all the characters, in fact with one of the characters it is quite the opposite.Simply put it is a great book, by an author who writes some great fantasy. It is definately worth picking up if you love the fantasy genre.",
20135,__label__2,"You won't be able to put this book down!: I only ""discovered"" David Gemmell very recently but he's rapidly moving onto my list of favorite authors. In this book, complex characters are drawn with intricate detail, but they are never boring.Herioc, honourable and yet flawed in some way, the heroes in Winter Warriors are eminently likeable. You can't help but empathise with them, their quest and principles. There are so many shades of gray in the book, it is a breath of fresh air in an overcrowded fanstasy genre.Highly Recommended!",
20136,__label__2,"The Greatness of Gemmel: Narnia's Next: Winter Warriors was the first David Gemmel book I became entranced in. If there are any readers out there who have already been absorbed by the magic of Narnia, I believe you will find an even more scintillating, awesome adventure here. A good compare to Narnia, David Gemmel vividly maps out a world, a land of good, evil, and as one of his characters puts it, ""the shade of grey inbetween"". But unique is this book in that never before, not even in the fantastic tines of Tolkien, have characters been developed, fleshed out, and woven together by destiny's bonds than in Gemmel's reads. Winter Warriors is one of his best. In fact, he causes his readers to become so attached that the emotion conveyed in the text leaves the page and becomes sentient. There were points in this novel where I cried, sections that made me laugh, and parts where I felt dread and horror. Can fantasy really be so powerful? Reader, it is up to you to find out.",
20137,__label__2,Captivating and Great Story telling...: Once more David Gemmell catches my imagination... but Winter Warriors is a cut above other Drenai Sagas. I liked Legend a lot... but this book goes a step further ! Gemmell is a master and this book brings his world back to life... with new myths and new legends in the making.I can't recommend this book enough. Hard to stop reading.,
20138,__label__2,Must read: A cautionary tale of a family of patriots fighting for their freedom and very survival as the American nation is betrayed by it's own government. Well written and fast paced. You will enjoy the ride.,
20139,__label__1,buyer beware: The description for this book does not mention it is a 16 page chintzy paper back. I cant believe some people are charging 25 to 35 dollars for this nickle booklet because that is all it is. I wish I would have had this information before I bought it.,
20140,__label__2,"Decent Airsoft Handgun: I've had this airsoft firearm for a few months now, and I couldn't have been more pleased. Coming from my first handgun, it was a 12-shot Colt Mk4 that came with a spring rifle. Decided to get this handgun because I was getting sick with how difficult it was to fire my old handgun (after about 20-some shots it hurt the hands to continue pulling the slide to shoot). This handgun is still a single shot, but it's much easier to pull the slide back, which is surprising to see with how much power it packs behind every shot. The magazine size jumped from 12 shots to around 25, and I purchased a couple extra magazines that allow me around 75 shots before I need to reload everything. It's plenty accurate for the ranges I've used it in (something like 10-20 feet). Overall, a great sidearm to have for any airsoft shootout.",
20141,__label__2,"...hot tunes: i would just like to mention ,for any body who may be comtemplating this CD that it totally kicks *** .It has all the classic Black Dog atmospheere of BYTES and especially THE TEMPLE OF TRANSPARANT BALLS, in my opinion this cd is an essential part of any BLACK DOG collection.The first track is SUUUUPERB!P.S dont buy MUSIC FOR ADVERTS ....",
20142,__label__2,Whistle Lanyards: What can you say: it's just a lanyard. I buy these for all my volleyball referees on the NYC Board because of the good quality.The seller was very efficient and quick with the order - a great pleasure to deal with. I will buy from them again next year.,
20143,__label__2,Well Received: The lanyards and whistles were purchased for a Christmas gift which was well received.Thank you.,
20144,__label__1,"Big disappointment: Bought my new Sony and in less than four weeks did not work. Calling Sony just left me with buzy signals. Finally got through and they gave me no help, finally got fixed and is broken again after 6 months........WON`T buy another Sony.....",
20145,__label__1,"Cheap wood with lots of visible flaws.: Cheap, rough wood with lots of visible flaws and wood filler. Luckily, I did not need it for finishing purposes.",
20146,__label__2,Pedal To The Metal: I bought this album upon it's release in 1977. This is undoubtly his best effort. I saw Pat Travers in 1977 at Will Rogers auditorium in Fort Worth Texas. This is a small venue that holds about 4000 people and he blew the roof off this place. So glad to see it finally released on CD. This album is unlike Radio Active or Heat In The Street and has not aged one bit. It is more funked up with a touch of jazz to it. There is not one bad track on it. If you don't have this cd GET IT! You will not be sorry.,
20147,__label__2,"Putting it Straight: Pat Travers ""Putting It Straight"" is one CD that needs to be in everyGuitarist and wanna be! collection. Pat's music is versatile and energydriven! This CD kicks ASS! and you still can't play it loud enough, even at 34 years old.BUY IT! you won't be disappointed!",
20148,__label__2,Very cute...: Very cute toy... Really cool to give to a child and slowly initiate them into the joys of Gaming!,
20149,__label__2,Neat Little Book: I like this little dot to dot book. It is small enough to go anywhere but has enough dots to keep my son interested for long periods of time. I will be purchasing more books in the future.,
20150,__label__1,"Terrible Terrible TV !!!!: Keep your money and save you and your family some heartache and anger. This television is so ""cute"" and ""attractive"" to kids, but as soon as the warranty wears out, you will have a pile of junk. Just after 4 months or so, the remote started ""resetting"" factory internal settings numbers on ""sound"" and ""picture"" and ""external dvd setups"". Huge charts of numbers eventually appeared on the screen by just pressing ""play"" or some other command on the remote, and any other button pressed on the remote would change the ""internal"" numbers and the television ceased functioning properly! Don't waste you time and money on this product!",
20151,__label__1,"Terrible TV: My daughter received this TV for Christmas last year. It was very easy to setup and the strwaberry shortcake screen saver on the TV was cute. The TV and DVD players started having problems 6 months after setting it up. The manufacturers warranty only covers 90 days after purchase. I find that awful since both products started having problems shortly after the warranty expired. Even though it is a ""fun"" I would recommend not wasting your money on this TV and/or DVD player.",
20152,__label__1,"Sand in this salt: This is an awful product. It leaves sand in your food and bottom of cooking pans after boiling something. Why there are so many 'excellent' reviews leaves me wondering...Who's really behind these reviews? Granted it may be ""Natural & Organic"" but so is dirt. I do not think there are THAT many folks who love to eat grit!",
20153,__label__2,"Very Singable Songs: Here they are, the songs you think of when you think of Neil Sedaka. Get the lyrics from the internet, print them out, grab some kids, and have a sing along. These are very peppy, singable songs for all to enjoy. It will be a real treat.",
20154,__label__2,Neil Sedaka always good.: The CD is clear and crisp.The only reason I gave it 4 stars was I did not care for some of the songs. I did buy it for certain songs so I shouldn't complain. The price is right so you really can't go wrong.,
20155,__label__1,"Sedaka's ""Greatest Hits"" a bust: With the exception of 3 songs, this ""greatest hits"" is a misnomer. The majority of his songs I can't believe were ever actual hits. Basically an unlistenable record.",
20156,__label__2,"Sobering: First of all, if you're not a Christian, you can respect this book for the verified research presented.If you are a Christian, I think this book not only illuminates the nearness of Christ's return, but in doing so, brings your own spiritual life under the blade of the Holy Spirit and if there are things that need to be delt with, after reading this book it will be hard to let them go.A must read for anyone serious about end times prophecy (which is NOW times prophecy) Jesus is coming soon. Yes they have been saying that for a long time, but when you read this book, you'll see that we are VERY VERY close to the actual event happening.",
20157,__label__2,"Interesting Read: Herb has made this book very easy to follow, and it makes for a very interesting read.Although I may not agree 100% with everything he says, I haven't found anyone yet that I do agree with 100% of the time.I would recommend the book if this sort of thing interests you.There are a few 'Herb Peter bashers' that I've found on a well known 'Christian Forum' who are likely the ones that left the negative comments about his book here.",
20158,__label__1,"Would resell it here but I threw it in the garbage...: I definitely would not recommend this book. The author is completely wrapped up in his conspiracy theory about his choice for the AC. He refuses to look at the whole picture because afterall, he wrote a book that he wants to come true.As another person said previously, stick with the Bible. Don't allow yourself to get caught up in this conspiracy theory because his version of the AC and the AC Kingdom is not Biblical no matter how hard he tries to twist scripture.",
20159,__label__2,"Born Under A Bad Sign (Single-Enhanced CD): Richard Hawley is one of the great song-writers. This single version of ""Born Under a Bad Sign"" is a gem, featuring a great bridge in which his lead guitarist uses a Burns 12 stringed guitar, as he used recently at the Knitting Factory in Hollywood, a great place to see any alternative rock show (March, 2006). Hawley also plays a great bridge piece on his red Gretsch (I think it was a Gretsch).The non-LP ""Dark Road"" increases this new CD single's appeal. And you get the video, only it should be noted that it is a Region 2 DVD and doesn't play on American Region 1 DVD players. But don't let that stop you! The single version of ""Born Under a Bad Sign"" and ""Dark Road"" are worth the small price of this new Richard Hawley CD single.",
20160,__label__1,"I think it was edited: Before I purchased this, I saw cutouts for Heidi Marks role. Many of the scene I saw were not in this version on DVD. I do not know if the film was edited or the cutouts were literally the stuff let out of the final version of the episode. At any rate I did not find Heidi's episode very erotic. It looked like it had been hacked to pieces.",
20161,__label__2,"great service, great price: i am very pleased with my purchase and will be a client in the future. The order came quick and was very well packed.",
20162,__label__1,"If I had it, I could review it.: I would love to review this item, that I purchased over a month ago, but still have not received it. Apparently they have not accomadated their supply to the demands of the public.",
20163,__label__1,"drys my skin out: I liked this face wash the first 2 times I used it but after that I found it very drying. I have pretty sensitive skin, especially in the winter, and I found I had to use twice as much moisturizer after washing my face with this or my face would burn the rest of the day. I'm sure it'll be better once the weather gets warmer. In the mean time I am using it sparingly.",
20164,__label__2,"Basis - the best makeup remover!: I have used Basis gel for years... not only as a face wash, but as a shower gel and even a shampoo when I am traveling the world. I have skin sensitivities and find that if I use something other than Basis, I get itchy. Basis removes eye makeup beautifully - even waterproof masquera.One note: If you buy in bulk, refridgerate the tubes you are not using, as the product can go bad after a time in warm climates.",
20165,__label__1,"Very drying, made my skin break out: I was looking for a regimen change. Why? I'm not sure, except that I thought there might be something even better than the Purpose Gentle Cleansing Wash I've been using for years. I bought the four-pack of Basis based on the high ratings from other users. At first it was okay, though I found the smell overpowering, but soon my skin became noticeably worse. After a couple of weeks, I had to quit. My skin was drier than before and I had gone from few and rare pimples to all-the-time breakouts. I'm disappointed. Should have stuck with the Purpose.",
20166,__label__2,"Basis Face Wash: I purchased this product for my mother who swears she can not and will not use any other facial cleaner. Basis is difficult to find in her geographic area so I did the internet search for her and found the product. She is absolutely thrilled and actually, her face always looks radiant.",
20167,__label__2,"Basis Face Wash: I love Basis Face Wash. It has a clean, fresh smell and gently cleans my face of all make-up, etc. I used to be able to find this at regular stores, but have not been able to find it for the last year or so. I was thrilled to be able to order it on-line.",
20168,__label__2,"Fantastic!: The first and only wash that doesn't leave my skin dry, irritated or clogged up. This cleanser used to be available in most stores and then started disappearing more and more. Imagine my joy at finding it at Amazon, after having to deal with inferior products for 2 years.",
20169,__label__2,"using this for 10 years: i got this face soap in the little box of goodies they give you when you move into your college dorm freshman year. i've been using it ever since. i think it keeps my face feeling fresh and clean and i rarely ever break out. on occasion i do buy a different face soap to mix it up for a few days, but i always come back to this. its not always easy to find in the stores, so it's great that amazon has it available. i will be using this facewash for years to come.",
20170,__label__2,"Praise for Basis Face Wash: I have been using Basis Face Wash for approximately 15 years when it was recommended to me by a dermatologist. When I have been unable to find it I tried other similar products. There is not a product out there that, in my opinion, can even come close to this one. Either they are too thick, too thin, too oily, too foamy, not foamy enough, etc. I am an older female and not computer savvy. It took me a while to realize I can find pretty much any product I want at Amazon. I know now and couldn't be happier. Thank you",
20171,__label__2,this is a really great product: Great face cleanser. My husband and I use it every morning. Leaves skin feeling clean and fresh. Removes makeup easily as well.,
20172,__label__2,"Lotus Approach 96 book provides thorough understanding: ""Using Lotus Approach 96"" (Special Edition) by Cynthia Morgan and Susan Sloan provides the reader with a thorough understanding of Lotus Approach. It is not limited in terms of application to the Approach 96 version. It certainly applies equally well to Approach 97 and probably to the latest version included in the Millenium edition of Lotus SmartSuite. The book is long, more than 600 pages, but many pages are devoted to actual hands on skill building exercises that are extraordinarily helpful. Anyone who expects to use the database application more than casually would, I believe, find this book answers most of his or her questions and probably will keep going back to it as a reference resource.",
20173,__label__2,"This is a tremendous resource: Bill Lee has done a wonderful job in explaining the in's and out's of gross profit margin, a concept too often misunderstood not only by salespeople and their managers, but also by many owners of businesses today. He writes clearly and engagingly. Each page is packed with timely and insightful information that can help any business improve its bottom line. A great job with a subject that in other hands can be downright tedious.",
20174,__label__2,The best action figure I bought on the internet: THis batman figure is awesome. I fits in my T.V. controlled batmobile with ease. I would recommend this batman figure over any other batman toy.,
20175,__label__2,inline batman review: I was most impressed with how well it rolled on any surface.The missles shot good but were harmless.Fun toy for any kid who likes batman.,
20176,__label__1,Horrible figure!!!: It is horrible because the Batman logo is off-center and the eqwipment does not help Batman in battle. The eqwipment can easily detach.,
20177,__label__1,Chandipath: The quality of CD is hopeless. Thre are too many glitches. I could not listen all the contents. CD jumps from one song to third song. I will not recommand to buy this CD. The problem is processing of CD. All the songs are excellent and music is very good. The printed label on CD came off.,
20178,__label__2,"Debunking the Myths: Desjardin, who is in a position to know by virtue of his background, has done a good job laying to rest many of the myths about Gettysburg. As other reviewers have noted, this is a history of history. Well written, and makes compelling arguments.",
20179,__label__2,"A Bargain: I got this adapter for my Acer laptop which needed it's THIRD AC adapter replacement since I got it in 2004. After the first original Acer adapter failed I bought Targus ones for $100 that only lasted me a few months.I haven't had this as long as I've had the Targus adapters, but so far so good. The only thing is that the adapter is a little loose in the inlet.Other than that, it's a way better value than the $100 Targus ones.",
20180,__label__1,"Wrng item: I was unable to use product because apparently the adaptor did not fit my laptop, even though I had the right spec. Shipping was expensive so i did nt return product.",
20181,__label__1,"Laptop AC Adapter for Acer Aspire 1410, 1680, 2010, 2020, 3000, 3500, 5000, 5003, 5004, 5005 Series; TravelMate 2300, 2700, 290,: Laptop AC Adapter for Acer Aspire 1410, 1680, 2010, 2020, 3000, 3500, 5000, 5003, 5004, 5005 Series; TravelMate 2300, 2700, 290, 290E, 3000, 3200, 4000, 4500, 4502, 6000, 8000 Series, Alienware Sentia SeriesI ordered this for my Acer Aspire 5004 laptop. The connector does not fit. I had to find another connector that would fit tightly into my computer and splice it onto the Adapter so I could use it.",
20182,__label__1,Doesn't fit exactly: Not an exact fit for my Acer laptop. I have to press it in hard to keep it charged. :( U get what you pay for,
20183,__label__1,The worst charger I have ever had. Was getting heated up everytime... and finally blew up one fine day... I will never recommend: The worst charger I have ever had. Was getting heated up everytime... and finally blew up one fine day... I will never recommend this to anyone...,
20184,__label__1,"Are you SERIOUS?: This piece of $#!t NEVER worked a SINGLE time. They wouldn't let me return it, and I'm surprised these guys are even in business. Horrible , Horrible, non working product.",
20185,__label__1,"I could vomit: Seperate civics lessons for boys and girls? Give me a break. A real thriving democracy should certainly tolerate this authors right to free expression but not go so far as to support it by buying it. My son can sew, if I have a daughter she'll know how to build a fence. That's not pansy p.c. philosophy, that's the foundation of a strong republic.",
20186,__label__1,Moll Flanders: This book has the honor of being one of only two books that I have ever read that I TRULY regret having wasted my time on. I really and truly did not think that I would be able to finish this one BUT I ALWAYS finish a book once I start it. In my opinion this is one of those cases when a very controversial novel gets confused with a great novel. I am however VERY grateful that I picked it up at a library sale for only 50 cents.; 0 ) Sorry Moll Flanders fans.,
20187,__label__1,Moll Fllanders: I had purchase this book before but not from Amazon. This edition is not what I had expected. I was looking for a student edition. Also this book had been wrtitten inside the pages,
20188,__label__1,"Only For Students of the Novel.: This was the first book I had to read for the history of the novel in college. While I was working my way through this, I wondered if the rest of the class would be this slow. Moll does not command respect, pity or admiration. The scenes for the most part are not really memorable, and the supporting characters are not really convincing. Perhaps this is my biggest complaint. Charles Dickens can keep my interest even in an 800 page book. Yet Defoe could not hold my interest in 250 pages. The only reason I could give for reading this is that it shows a primitave stage in the development of the novel.",
20189,__label__2,"A Wonderfully Human Work.: Defoe has written of a wonderful woman with his ""Moll Flanders"", and he has also created a book that is entirely enjoyable while outlining her exploits and her life. Moll was quite a remarkable woman in her time. He covers her earlier life of crime and the punishment that ensued from that right up to her later days where she reformed. She made quite a few marriages, and learned and grew from these. Although most of her marriages and her intrigues were undertaken in the pursuit of money, she was actually not without passion or generosity. There is quite a bit of moralizing throughout the book, but it is totally enjoyable nonetheless because Moll was so human and Defoe has created a living, breathing heroine that is as realistic as they come (especially during this era). Quite an accomplishment, especially for a male author.",
20190,__label__2,"Moll's a doll--especially at $2.50: Daniel Defoe, hot on the heels of ""Robinson Crusoe"" came under considerable fire when ""Moll Flanders"" was published. She was called immoral, when, in fact, she is amoral. Churches and universities could not understand why Defoe was fascinated with characters considered ""low"". The fact is, the public adored her and the novel. And it continues to do so to this day.But, as I've repeated in other reviews, the Dover Thrift edition makes it even more of an attractive purchase. Well-bound and sturdy, it's the best thing you can do with the $5.00 you can spare in your pocket. And, if you're like me, and you have to teach this book, it takes a great financial burden on your already overburdened students.",
20191,__label__1,"I find this Book practically unreadable: Let Me start by saying that the Story of Moll Flanders itself is a fairly exciting One. The Story changes Venues and Circumstances so often that it only grows Dull in a few Places. It is well-written and filled with beautiful Description. However, I have never finished this Book due to two crucial Criteria:Reason 1) There are no Chapters. I find this to be quite Discouraging, as, without any Breaks, I often lose my Spot and feel like I'm not accomplishing Anything.Reason 2) Just like in this Review, every Noun is capitalized. If you found it annoying Here, just imagine 300 Pages of it.I would not recommend this Book to any casual Reader. If you're a literary Scholar, however, dive right in, it's an important Work.",
20192,__label__2,"Women's Plight in the Eighteenth Century: Having read this book I came away with an understanding of life for a woman of little social standing in the eighteenth century. Moll's story is a romp, but sheds light on poverty and the difficulties of independent living during a time when the world was truly controlled by men. Moll Flanders shows the importance of survival over childrearing, and gives the reader insight into daily eighteenth century life. I read it primarily to get a look at the time period.",
20193,__label__1,"enlightened ??: This is one of the most depressing books I hope to ever read. The best summation I can give is, oh so there were just as many dishonest, stealing thieves in times past as there are today.It would be a good study for criminal minds and how to make light of ripping people off. I hated the book and am disappointed that it even falls into the classification of 'The Classics'",
20194,__label__1,"Old Classic Good Audio: Well, its a classic so if you like classics, this is one. I got it for a car ride and to try out the audio feature of the Fire. That is wonderful and I will use Audio Books again,",
20195,__label__2,"A Enjoyable Novel: I found this book entertaining. Moll Flanders was the original ""material girl"". I enjoyed it from a novelist stand point, wondering what crazy thing will Defoe have Moll do next. If you enjoy reading classics, you'll definitely like this book.",
20196,__label__2,"You can't do it in one line.....: Ok so this book, has got me boggled, anyone with any insights or anything E-mail me Danita1982@aol.com... I think this is a good book but it lacks imagery.. It can be slow at times but its a clssic all the same.. To put the book breifly Moll screws all the men and women for that matter she is a crafty as they come, she always has a motive... always... And she abandons all of her kids... I havent seen the movie but I hear its bad Danielle",
20197,__label__1,"Disappointing.Very!: I expected a lot from this book.I was very disappointed.And to think I read it to the last letter.Sure,it speaks about about the fate of a woman in the 18th cenetury,a very rare thing in those times,because nobody cared about poor women or independent women(a ridiculous notion then)or ""bad"" women and why they became bad.But,it is not good literature.Almost half of it is an inventory of the things she (Mall)stole,robbed,cheated ... If it were a 150 pages shorter,it would have been a much better book.Save your time and energy for a much better book,and there are many of those!",
20198,__label__1,"Made me sorry to have the gift of sight.: I had to read this for a book club, and a fifth of the way into it, I began to wish I were blind, so I wouldn't have to continue. I considered gouging my eyes out with a grapefruit spoon. And if someone tried to read aloud it to me, I was prepared to pour hot parrafin into my ears. And if Anne Sullivan tried to sign ""Moll Flanders"" into my hand, I would dig into my wrists and sever the nerves to my hand with a carpet knife. Then if someone tried to tap the text of this book onto my back using Morse Code, I would be left with no course of action other than suicide. As it was, I completed my book club obligation, and as soon as we're done discussing this, I'm going to bandsaw open my cranium, locate the part of the brain that remembers I read this book, and scoop it out with a melonballer. Wish me luck!",
20199,__label__2,enjoyed: I enjoyed all of Gail Carriger's Parasol Protectorate books. They are not predictable and she has a great sense of humor. If you like something a little different I would recommend this series.,
20200,__label__2,"The Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Famous Mill Flanders: I. really enjoyed this book.The narration made it extremely nice to ""read""' I was able to understand it more for the narration. I would definitely recommend this book..",
20201,__label__1,"Not for me: Don't care for the story line.Too, distasteful and hardly worth reading even if it was the last book I had..",
20202,__label__1,Not the worst: As far as school books go it could have been much worse.it dragged and there were too many monitorial references.,
20203,__label__1,Interesting story: This book is more of a story than it is actual science. The foundation and basis of the theory is assumed rather than explained.,
20204,__label__2,"Very well written: This is the second book I have read by Kaku. I really enjoy his writing style, it's aimed at the layperson(me). Some of the theories boggle my mind, but help me expand my knowledge of theoretical physics and the universe as a whole. Some reviews mention that this book is obsolete being written in '95, but I like read the older theories to see where the physics of today have come from. Bottom line, if you have curiosity about theoretical physics but not a degree you will probably enjoy this book.",
20205,__label__2,I great fun book on dimesions it explains everything .: I great fun book on dimesions it explains everything even for someone in 4th grade it is a very good book.,
20206,__label__2,"This is one of the most enlightening books I have ever read.: All I have to say is the man is a genius in his own field. He explains scientific jargon to the layman. He uses excellent analogies to explain a concept or equation. It opened my eyes to the vastness of the universe that has been created, and the possibilities that man has yet to understand about the world in which he lives. It absolutely captivated my attention! Great thought and passion went into his book, and it is evident by his tone, language, and outline. I loved it before the first chapter was completed. Anyone who likes to learn and augment their imagination, should read this book.",
20207,__label__2,"It almost makes you want to become a physisist!!!: I wish I could of read this book in Jr. High or in High School. Dr. Kaku has writen a book to capture the young (and old), minds of anyone interested in physics. It is a great book, thats all there is to it!!",
20208,__label__1,"Great book but now out of date: I've noticed the rave reviews (some very recent) below don't take note of how the book was written in 1995 and is now discredited. (No discredit to Kaku personally, of course.) The various 10-Dimensional superstring theories have now been shown to be a minor part of a greater theory, 11-dimensional M-theory. No doubt Kaku will explain this too in due course, but until then remember the theory in this book's no longer valid.",
20209,__label__1,"Not impressed: Yet another physics popularization, this one with a dose of politics. The discussion of dimensions was done better by Rudy Rucker's book _The Fourth Dimension_, and the physics is explained more clearly in Kip Thorne's book _Black Holes and Time Warps: Einstein's Outrageous Legacy_.",
20210,__label__1,"Didn't grab me: I usually like books about weird science, but I have to say that this one didn't grab me-- maybe because I got to it right after reading Kip Thorne's book on Black Holes and Time Warps. It's ok, but didn't seem special.",
20211,__label__1,"Don't bother - the writing is terrible.: Poorly constructed sentences, fuzzy descriptions, inappropriate tone, self-serving references, opinion mixed with ""fact"" - this book has it all. The book is an embarassment.",
20212,__label__1,"product never received: never received book, never received refund as promised. Getting unhappy with amazon. Can't even find customer service number to call.",
20213,__label__2,"Really loved this one: I'm not a scientist (I'm a classicist) and didn't even enjoy science in school at all. In fact until writers like Michael Behe, Heinz Pagels and Michio Kaku came along science was totally unapproachable for me. For a writer to take such incredibly complex information and present it, not only clearly and understandibly, but also enjoyably, one has to be uniquely gifted. Kaku and Behe can do this and remain my favorites. It's been years since I read this and to this day I can't forget it. So, here's my point. If you, like me, long to understand fascinating ideas that have always seemed incomprehensible, let Michio Kaku help you out. Get this one.",
20214,__label__2,"Brings out a new view of your world.: This book may be a tad difficult for many readers but If you keep working with it, it will change the way you see your world, it will open new views on the universe and how things work. If your at all interested in science or space travel even this is a great book to get. Michio Kaku is a wonderful writer and he shows this well in Hyperspace.",
20215,__label__2,"Great Book: This was the first book I'd ever bought on Hyperspace, and it was great. The author is fun to read and explains things very clearly. Once you pick up this book you won't be able to put it down, I know I couldn't.",
20216,__label__2,"Hyperspace: I found this book to be a great mind-opener even for someone like myself who is not a physicist. It was an interesting conceptual look at theoretical physics and the evolution of man, and society. I took you from basic concepts of Einstein's theories to Kaluza Klein theory and Riemann. Moreso it didn't present itself in a confusing manner.",
20217,__label__2,"easy to read, a little to easy...: I wish that he had gone more into depth explaining strings, but that is not the kind of book it is. it is an overview on higher dimentions. but it is definitally fun to read. once you hear the story about him and his parents, a football feild, and 30 miles of wire... you will be on the floor.",
20218,__label__2,Mind bending work!: What a great piece of writing! Through the authors literary prose you are taken into the mind of a theoritical physist. The author explains what are clearly advanced topics so clearly that any lay person should be able to understand. A great example of pure genius of our time. Hopefully this book will inspire the next Einstein or Napier.,
20219,__label__2,Highschool has gotten more interesting: I have found that highschool is more interesting now that I have read this book. I did not know about all the possibilities of existence. needless to say I am stoked about physics and have just enrolled in ap physics. this book is a inspiration. I hope I can help us become a type one civilization.,
20220,__label__2,"A Journey Through the Universe: ""Hyperspace"" is a genuinely easy read for a budding cosmologist. I must say, there were parts which seemed repetitive and unnecessarily wordy. At times, I wish there was an illustration to help me understand it better (Brian Greene style), but I still enjoyed it. To think of the universe in so many dimensions is truly mind blowing. Hopefully, one day, we'll be able to harness some of the fantastic ideas presented in this book in the near future.",
20221,__label__2,I would have rated it 6 stars.: I picked this book up from the library by mistake. But it wasn't a mistake I would regret. This book was excellent. I'd recomend it to anyone with an intrest in science (physics). I have since bought the book and barrowed it to 4 of my friends (the ones that are interested in thaht type of thing). They have all loved it too...What more can I say?,
20222,__label__1,"Abracadabra.: If you're not yet convinced that there is a clearlink between modern physics and the Delphi Oracle,this book will probably convince you.The problem is that if you know what the author istalking about, you really think it is nuts topresent it that way, and if you don't know, you won'tlearn anything.On the other hand, if you want to be on a Star Trektrip, it is fun to read. But it has nothing to dowith physics.",
20223,__label__1,"NOT for theoretical physicists: I praise Kaku's lucid literary writing style, but condemn everything else about this popular physics book. Kaku mystifies physics and makes it look like some sort of cult which deals with surreal objects such as ""hyper-dimensions"" and ""warped space"" - whatever those things mean to the average person who hasn't completed his PhD in supersymmetry. Reading Kaku's book is similar to reading a science fiction novel or watching an episode of star trek - things that have nothing to do in practice with physics. What ever happened to wondering about why the sky is blue, or how a radio works? Geez ... if you're into mysticism, try this book. If you're into physics, try another.",
20224,__label__1,"Lacks substance: Scanning the reviews of ""Hyperspace"" I see that many want to give this book five stars. I find myself in the 1- and 2-star minority.""Hyperspace"" is the kind of book that makes people think they've learned something without actually having done so.This is the problem with ""learning"" by analogy. The presentation of many -- perhaps most -- of the concepts covered in this book might help one learn to talk about them, but not to actually understand them. Analogy goes only so far. Experiment is the crucible and if you don't explain the experimental and theoretical basis for results, then you have taught nothing. This is a flaw of much science writing (e.g. the second half of ""A Brief History of Time"").""Hyperspace"" started out interestingly enough, but the farther it went, the more it lost its bearings. A sense of wonder is a fine stimulus, but science is more than a word game of analogies. I read the whole thing, but the time I spent reading it felt wasted.",
20225,__label__1,"Science fiction and no attempt to explain science to layman like Hawkins book!: I have read two of his books and am convinced he has no writing skills and his popular science books are just science fiction. There is no attempt to explain hard science principles in layman terms. The books are just chatter and after two chapters I am putting all his books in the ""white elephant christmas party"" gift wraps of our department!",
20226,__label__2,Comprehensive is a small word for that book: I decided to read Michio Kaku's books by starting with the first one he wrote.It's not disappointing at all. You read the 2/3 of the book like a novel. It's really entertaining and you'll learn a lot about the physicist work.It's funny to read remembering that it's a 20 years old book and most of the things he's talking about are not finished (Geneva's Large Hadron Collider) or even discovered (Higgs boson).It's worth the reading to know more about the 10th dimension and how things simplify in a higher dimension.,
20227,__label__2,"An accessible introduction: I bought this book when I was just starting to get interested in learning about the craziness of physics and quantum mechanics. I found it to be a very enjoyable and accessible introduction/overview of some of the key concepts without going overboard by drawing questionable conclusions or making iffy speculations as to what it could all implicate like many ""new physics"" books are wont to do.Overall engaging, interesting, and recommended.",
20228,__label__2,"The writings of a genius.: After I bought this book, I started to read it and could not put it down. I read the entire thing in two days! Michiu Kaku has become one of my favorite authors because of this book and I currently have almost all of his books. All I can say is that he is a genius plain and simple. I have to reread pages of information before I can grasp the details of these concepts, it is excellent writing. Excellent!!",
20229,__label__2,"Polish encounter: I think this book hit our market just in time.There was no other so completly covering subjectsof contemporary phisics, ranging so wide and stillbeing readable for common people. As a person having computerscience and humanist education I'd be willing to recomend itto everybody who wants to know what is nowadays phisics allabout.",
20230,__label__2,"A good book for understand higher dimensions: A good book for understand higher dimensions with examples, dates and works of famous mathematicians and physicists.",
20231,__label__2,"Good introduction to superstring theory -: This book was a good introduction to a topic I was curious about and many other general topics as well. Higher dimensions, matter-energy and space-time, relativity, black holes, wormholes, and time travel are all covered. This book was written to be understood by the layman but some of the explanations could have been more technical. This is still a great start for someone interested in these topics.",
20232,__label__2,"A good intellectual exercise: This book was particularly good because of its simplicity and elegant style of writing. The concepts are explained fluently, and they are in a layman's terms. Sometimes the author repeats his views again and agian and it becomes boring. However, I have to admit that your view about the universe can be influenced by this book. You are forced to challenge some simple and basic concepts. Is space a void? is it flat? It is hard to beleive that ""space itself can curl due to gravity"". But it was even hard to beleive that earth was not flat.You can appreciate Einstein's work in this context. However, I do not agree that time is 4th dimension as stressed repeatedly in this book.This book is good for you if you have learnt basic high school physics. Enjoy!",
20233,__label__2,"Abstract that gets close to identify a theory of everything: Mr. Kaku express in an easy way concepts that everybody should be aware. This book should be translated in all languages and should be recomended his reading in School. Once you understand how super minds have made their discoveries, more than one will jump in this facinating world of misteries.",
20234,__label__2,"Good treatment of a difficult topic: Yes, the material is pretty complex, but this does a pretty good job of explaining his side (now, what about the other side?)",
20235,__label__1,"A little on the fluffy side: Although ""Hyperspace"" is fairly easy to read, and does have some interesting ideas in it, it's a little light on the science compared to other books I've read. That might be due to the fact that the subject matter is still in the theoretical stage. But, still, much of the book is anecdotal and many of the analogies used to explain the main theories are repetitive and off-subject. Plus, the book (and the information inside) is pretty out of date. Kaku often refers to things that might happen by the year 2000. This book is more useful for light reading than for really learning about unification theories and multi-dimensional universe models.",
20236,__label__2,good read-non-genius friendly.: good book. explains details in a way that laymen can comprehend. i never took any physics- but i was capable of understaning dr. kakus book. he is well spoken and well versed in the modern beliefs of theoretical science.,
20237,__label__1,"Lots of fluff: If you are thinking about reading this book then PLEASE consider reading Brian Greene's ""The Elegant Universe"" instead. It does a much better job on string theory and it is more current with the latest scoop on the second superstring revolution.The second half of Hyperspace is light on content. There is a lot of filler. After reading it, I thought that it was because there was not much else in the way of superstring theory advances. Hyperspace is truly outdated because of its '94 print date. The second superstring revolution began in 1995 which means you are missing out on a number of recent advances. Greene's book gives you the full history of string theory plus the most recent work which was much more fufilling.",
20238,__label__1,"Godinger Silver Pineapple Crystal Gravy Boat: This gravy bowl is pictured with a ladel. The reason I chose this item is because it came with a ladel. But, guess what, the picture is false advertising because it does not contain a ladel. Huge disappointment! Why not just show a picture of the bowl without the ladel???",
20239,__label__1,"Not compatible with many NOKIA phones: I bought this one from Radioshack. I could pair the Bluetooth with Nokia 6682 phone, the connection was established only once. After that no connection was established. Nokia customer support informed me that this Bluetooth is not compatible with Nokia 6682. Tried with other phones, but no connection. I am going to return this.",
20240,__label__1,"Avoid if possible: This book is riddled with mistakes from incorrect derivations to incorrect tables in the appendix. Our class has our own lengthy errata webpage. As for the meat of the book, the derivations are not really fleshed out, and there are very few examples to go by. Except for one chapter devoted to applied problems, I lack to see how this book is called ""very applied"".",
20241,__label__2,"Nice..Long, but Nice: It's a kind of tedious read, but the central idea (at least what I came away as the central idea) is great: masculinity, and athletics aren't two bad notions in and of themselves. But when you put the two together, and not properly supervised, you can come up with some horrible stuff. He goes about proving this by interviewing some ex-jocks and comes up with some great material. It's basically a sociological sutdy, but works out nicely.",
20242,__label__2,"WEGA -who needs them!: What a great buy! If you're in the market for a WEGA T.V or anything over 32 in you have to take a look at this set. I just bought one month ago and it's been everything I could have asked for. It's lighter than the WEGA, so it's easier to move and thinner so it's better for display. Despite all this it has a bigger screen and picture is great, unless you're watching 20 hours of TV you're not going to be able to tell the difference between this set and WEGA...",
20243,__label__1,"Card Failure: Bought in May 2000 (same month produced) - used 3 months, then went away for year. Returned in Oct. of 2001. In December G3 card failed after only 6 months of use on a $1600+ set. Card is about $400 plus labor of about $300. Quite a bill for a $1600 TV set used 6 months. When working liked picture quality, ease of operation, and overall look for average size family. Really disappointed in Sony - thought we were buying quality product that would last for years.",
20244,__label__1,"Poor craftsmanship: I only had this TV for 8 months, when the picture went on me. I had spent the extra $300 to have in home service, but it was too broke to be repaired in home. It took the repair shop THREE weeks to fix it. Besides the fact that I only had the TV for 7 months, according to the nameplate data it was only 9 months old.",
20245,__label__2,You will think it is a direct view!: I just got this and it is incredibly clear! I thought myself that this was a direct view in the store until I really looked close. The picture is so sharp and detailed. The built in screen saver makes it look even more like a direct view. Channel labels and easy set up make everything go easy. The color tubes will even align themselves at the push of a button! Put in A Bug's Life on DVD on this TV and you'll think you are there. You can't go wrong with it.,
20246,__label__1,DO NOT BUY THIS! IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY!: These goggles are a waste of money. They break real easy and water gets in to your eyes. DO NOT BUY THESE! I REPEAT! DO NOT BY THESE! IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY! DO YOU HEAR ME!,
20247,__label__2,"A Note For Potential Buyers: Well I can't add anything to the wonderful reviews below, but I have a piece of advice for anyone who's looking to buy this; If you type Tiny Tim on google search, then click the first link that shows up, you'll be led to Tiny's Memorial site. If you go to the home page and scroll down, you'll find an announcement about this collection and a link to Rhino records, where they are selling brand new copies for $59.98. I purchased my copy here for quite a hefty sum, so I feel that all potential buyers ought to know you can get it cheaper.",
20248,__label__2,"looking for a song: Many years ago Entertainment Tonight closed their show with a performance by Tiny Tim. It was a country song about lost love and regret but the one line I remember, and has me searching endlessly is, ""...but if you're going to leave me, leave me satisfied.""A little help will be appreciated.",
20249,__label__1,Spk Failure - Mic jack - Charger Issue poor quality control: SPEAKER FAILURES: Turns out the speaker - mic - charger jack is defective on many of these units. After a few charger plug insertions the contact that cuts out the speaker when using a headset fails to make a good connection when the charger plug is removed. Appears to be a class manufacturing problem... Jack contacts are accesible from battery compartment. Press a fine sewing needle point into the small loop contact (use magnifying glass)to make the loop buldge a little more and make a better connection with the other contact. The speaker will then start working again. Problem solved,
20250,__label__1,"Very Dissappointed: This camera comes with no instructions or warranty information. The zoom feature doesn't exist as indicated in the technical data and editorial reviews. It doesn't even seem to be the camera advertised, but then who knows for sure when no written information is included.",
20251,__label__2,"Great traditional western ballads from the #1 Cowboy!: If you love ""El Paso"", then you'll love this album! It surely is the best album from an artist who's had big commercial success on the country and pop charts. Every song on this album gives you the feel of the Old West; the gunfights as portrayed in a lot of the popular Western movies at that time, the cattle roundups, and the cowboy life. With his tenor to baritone voice, he sings every song with feeling. The great songs include the gunfighter ballads; ""Big Iron"", ""Billy The Kid"", ""Running Gun"", and the No. 1 epic, ""El Paso"". Also, the other great songs like the rodeo staple; ""Strawberry Roan"", and the great western gospel track; ""Master's Call"". If you asked me what my favorite song was on here, I couldn't really pick one, since every song is just as good as the next. This album is the absolute best album of western music out of any other album of western music that there is! So if you like western ballads, this is su",ely the
20252,__label__2,"MARTY AT HIS BEST ... BEING MARTY!: Those in charge have had the good sense to take the masters of the MASTER and, by re-enhancing the tracks digitally, are allowing Marty to be heard as he should be heard in this special CD from Epic's AMERICAN MILESTONES Series. Everyone loves Marty Robbins ... and this collection is a credit to the man and his music.",
20253,__label__1,"Review of Marty Robbins Gunfighter Ballads and trail Songs: This is a classic recording of Marty Robbins. Unfortunately, the copy that was sent to me does not play properly, with many skips and pauses on almost all of the tracks. I would return it if your company policy allowed it.",
20254,__label__2,"This CD deserves 50 stars plus !: I recently purchased this CD at a Grand Canyon gift shop on the south rim as a memoir, what a great choice ! Not only is the CD great because it takes me back to the breathtaking canyon but the CD is great in of itself too. The songs are done so well and create such a clear picture in the listeners mind of the gun battles, close calls(with stampedes),hangings and such. Any Amazon customer that is contemplating buying this CD do it !! You will not be disapointed, it is offered here at a great price too ! Hail to Marty !!",
20255,__label__2,"Marty Robbins Gunfighter Ballads CD Is A Pleasure: Bought a new copy of the classic, Marty Robbins' Gunfighter Ballads. This Columbia recording is of qood quality. Mr. Robbins' music has its usual unique, pleasing quality. All songs are smooth and great on the ears.",
20256,__label__2,"Takes me back to my childhood: This was my favorite album years ago! I found myself singing along, even though it had been long since I had heard them. If you like Marty Robbins, this is his best ballads. I love it!",
20257,__label__2,"Top 10 Country Album of All Time: I primarily listen to Metal and Punk rock, but have a vested, deep love affair with older country legends (Cash, Jennings, Horton, Williams, Parton, Rogers, etc.) and if I could only have 1 album of my country collection, this would probably be it. If you don't like this as a country fan, you're absolutely nuts. The stories told, the voice that's singing, the no flash/frills honest musicianship is, in my mind as a musician, what all artists of all genres aspire to. My only very minimal gripe is the inclusion of ""El Paso"" which is just one of those songs EVERYBODY covers and I'm kinda worn out on, but his version is good regardless. If you like ballads, whether sung by Johnny Cash, Bon Jovi, or Dimmu Borgir, the song ""Big Iron"" is something you should own this album for on it's own merit. Buy now. You arent cool if you don't own this album.",
20258,__label__2,"Brilliantly evocative of the mythological West: This upgraded reissue presents potent, early work that is essential to Robbins' catalog. Sony has cleaned up the audio, added new liner notes and augmented the original disc with bonus tracks.Robbins' 1959 LP is oddly anachronistic, having ridden a wave of Old West nostalgia that is now itself 40 years old. Even so, his highly-romanticized images of cowboys and outlaws are as captivating today as the (single!) day on which this album was recorded. Robbins' singing is breathtaking, backed perfectly by the Glaser Brothers and spiced with Grady Martin's Mexicali-flavored guitar. Classics like ""Big Iron"" and ""El Paso"" linger in the air like the smell of sagebrush, resulting in an album whose allure is as strong as its mythological subjects.",
20259,__label__2,"An American Classic that stands the test of time.: My father purchased Marty Robbin's orginal Gunfighter Ballads album in the early 1960s -- and I played it so many times I'm surprised the grooves in the record were not worn through. I still knew the words to over half the songs by heart, even though I hadn't heard any of them played in 30 years (at least). I can't tell you how happy it makes me to have this new CD available -- and hearing it in CD format instead of on my parent's old cabinet hi-fi system makes it even more of a treat!",
20260,__label__2,A Timeless Classic: My late Father was born and raised in Wyoming before coming east to Virginia. I taped this album for him and he played it in his car. I think he and Marty would have hit it off. The two versions of El Paso make this edition extra special.,
20261,__label__2,"Classic: Classic old time Marty Robbins. With his special voice, he's a hard act to follow. A good CD for Marty fans.",
20262,__label__2,One of my favorite albums: A stroll down memory lane as I sang along to each song. Surprised that I still remembered all the words,
20263,__label__2,"One of the few good ones: I don't care a whole lot for classical country, but our family has had this album ever since I can remember, and I have always liked it!",
20264,__label__2,"WOW! If you like country, you'll like this one.: Not much else to say. Every song on this CD is just great. Great classic country music from the late 50's.",
20265,__label__2,Gunfighter Ballads & Trail Songs: Brings back memories of 59-60 when I first listened to Marty Robbins. I lived in El Paso when that one hit the charts.,
20266,__label__2,Wonderful old songs: This is a really wonderful CD. I remember the music from my youth and can't believe how good these old songs sound today nearly 50 years later. The mastering is excellent with very open and dynamic sound.,
20267,__label__2,"I just love this: I used to listen to this album when I was a teenager all the time, the cd has an extra song and sound as good or better than ever",
20268,__label__2,Terrific!: Old standards that have been great for almost fifty years. Well worth having in one's collection.,
20269,__label__2,"Very Comprehensive Western Compilation: Here you have the classic ""El Paso"", the first of a trilogy of songs about Feleena and the unnamed cowboy who had no reason to be jealous we later find out. (Marty Robbins never said where he got the unique Spanish-American name found nowhere else). ""Cool Water"" of course was a song written by a hero of Marty's, Bob Nolan of the original Sons of the Pioneers. ""Big Iron"" was inspired by an older relative of Marty's who told him tales of the Arizona Rangers, a small band of lawmen from Wild West days. ""Strawberry Roan"" had been done years earlier in a Gene Autry movie and is effectively covered here by Marty. He also sung the theme song to the movie, ""The Hanging Tree"" which gave it a more satisfying ending. This is a good compilation of Western songs; nobody did it better than Marty Robbins. There could have been others such as Nolan's ""Song of the Bandit"" you'll find on other compilations but nevertheless I can recommend this one high",y.
20270,__label__2,"Great Ballads: This one I ordered from Amazon Prime The Only Way To Go.I can review this one and its Great.These ballads and trail songs all seem to tell a story.So Sit back and listen to Marty Robbins sing of the Old West.You can see what is happening as he sings,the storys unfold as you listen.Very Good CD.Thanks Amazon Prime.M.A.FLICK",
20271,__label__2,"MADE FOR THIS: This is a brilliant Cd,it is as if this music was made just for Marty Robbins,great tracks,if you like songs from Cowboy films,easy to listen to or sing along with this",
20272,__label__2,"The Essential Gunfighter album.: I remember these songs as a boy. REAL western music. They really hold up well, today! What a voice! And some really cool story-telling lyrics.",
20273,__label__2,"gunfighter ballads & trail songs: I, like a lot of others in Arizona, was raised on this album when it first came out in the 60's. Bought the tapes, both 4 then 8 track then the cd. This is pure Marty Robbins, and what took him from Grand avenue honky tonks in Phoenix, glendale and peoria Arizona to the big time. However Marty Robbins did not write El Paso. It was written by Elizabeth Garrett, Sherriff Pat Garretts' blind daughter. That information used to be on the early recordings of it.",
20274,__label__1,"Two Completely Different Books Squashed Together: I'm still amazed that Beth Gutcheon's editor would allow this book to be released. There are two completely different stories here that do not work together, despite the fact that the main characters are touched by both. On the one hand, this is a novel of a twentieth century marriage, with its ups and downs. (And, as part of that story, there is the impact of a indifferent mother on her daughter's own ability to be a loving mother when it is her turn to raise a family.) And then there is the very moving story of Danish Jews during World War II. There is a recurring theme that Sidney, of the ""first story"" doesn't have any understanding for Nina's harrowing experiences during the war in the ""second story."" The author cannot even find a way to reveal Nina's experiences and so throws it in at the end of the book, perhaps to make the reader feel that the book had more of an impact that it actually had. Very disappointing.",
20275,__label__1,"VERY disappointed!!!: I thought I would like this book as the subject manner and descriptions sounded interesting. But the author would start a train of thought and then abort the idea and move on to another - I seemed like I was listening to an crudely abridged version! I will NOT read another of hers if this is the way she writes. I was very disappointed...this book could have been great!!!! The characters I felt were shallow and so much more could have been done to deepen their personalities, thoughts and feelings.",
20276,__label__1,"Extremely Poor Quality: I ordered this for my son's birthday, paid the 2 day delivery so it'd arrive in time. After seeing it in its package, I would never have bought this particular one at a store. I ordered it as new but it looks like someone has played with it and put it back in the package. The tip of the rocket is bent, the paint is scratched and smudged and has finger-like prints on it, it's just very poor quality. I expected a little better than what we got, realizing this was a $12 toy, but it should have been in better shape. I'm asking for a full refund, including shipping, as I think it's only fair since I still have to locate this rocket somewhere else and now only have 2 days to get it.",
20277,__label__2,"Works great!: It works great - easily sheeting off water from flat surfaces. I ALWAYS use this prior to hand-drying my car, because it makes it 5x quicker with most of the water gone from the water blade. I definitely recommend it!",
20278,__label__1,"Leaves scratches on paint: I bought this as part of a car cover kit, and used it several times, before I saw that it was leaving linear scratches in the paint. The blade was clean, the car had just been washed; these scratches were not there before I started using the blade.",
20279,__label__1,"It is a NO Star...: People...Please do not waste your money on this garbage. It is out of date, inaccurate and either too simplistic or too hard to understand (I am a physician's assistant). I'm not sure why Webster is letting the DREADED DELMAR get hold of their titles to ruin them like they are doing. This is the second piece of crap they've made out of something nice.",
20280,__label__1,"The Last of The Belles: This isn't worth buying, the copy of the movie is horrible, a complete waste of money!!! I looked forward seeing it again, but it is very bad copy of a pretty good movie.",
20281,__label__1,"Never worked, no customer support from ITS Telecom: I bought one of these from an online distributor in the U.K. but a glitch in the software prevented it to properly power on. I sent an e-mail directly to the main support site in Israel and they did not even answer my technical question.I believe these people to be crooks, so stay away.There are actually very good cellular gateways from Ericsson or even from Chinese companies, so stay away from I.T.S. products.",
20282,__label__2,"This book is as appealing as its subject: I admire Denzel Washington very much as an actor, so I decided to read this book. After I have finished reading it, I was not disappointed with him as a man. This book is an accurate, though modest, description of Washington's life up-to-date (1994-1996). It tells about his childhood, youth, and his family background. Then, the author goes into tracing Washington's life according to the films, he has been making at the time. This book does not have a lot of good pictures and it is not about a ""Hollywood Hunk"", ""the most handsome man"", etc. Instead, it talks about a real man, who is very good at acting as well as at living his life of a Hollywood star. If you like Washigton as an actor and as a personality (granted, he is also an undisputedly and exremely charming man), then you should read this book and see how he became what he is now.",
20283,__label__2,great book: i just love this series its a great book after reading the previous books its funny how josh and beth fall in love and what the rest of the gang has in store. I recommend this book,
20284,__label__2,a great read!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: this book is great!!! its easy to read and is fun too!! i love all the books in this series for they are funny and well written and this book is just as good!!!READ IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,
20285,__label__1,"A step backwards: Having read the previous books in the series aloud to my kids, I was happy to see the next one available. After reading it, however, I have to admit I was a little disappointed. It seemed pretty formulaic. I also was not pleased with the ""suicide,"" though Mom's reaction and subsequent talk with Caroline salvaged the scene somewhat. I have to confess to a little irritation at the kids-know-best-parents-don't-understand angle at the end as well. May her next book be fresher and more family oriented.",
20286,__label__1,"disappointing: I read this book primarily because it is known as a ""classic"" piece of environmental literature. In my opinion, it does not deserve to be considered as such primarily because it is shallow. The basic message that there is value in wilderness for its own sake is obvious. Maybe it was not apparent in the fifties but is obvious now. In terms of preservation, Abbey does not offer any insights other than: stop building roads, stop population growth, keep things as they were in good old times when there was nobody around and i could build fires anywhere i wanted, throw tires in the Grand Canyon, and cut down trees if i felt like it. Not much of an insight.",
20287,__label__1,"Not what I thought...: I bought this book seeking some insight into my own desire to escape to the Southern Utah region several times a year. Instead of a wise and intelligent 'father' of modern envirolmentalism... I found Abbey to be a hypocrit. He throws trash into the desert, thinks himself above the law, and disturbs fragile ecosystems as much or more than the people he rants on and on and on and on about. Disappointing.",
20288,__label__1,"Too wordy: Author just drifted on and on and on about observations that seemed more focused on showing his percieved intellectual superiority than substance. Reminds me of a sermon from church where the speaker sees how many words he can apply to the concept of sin, dragging the message on and on and on to add time but very, very little substance.",
20289,__label__1,"Desert Solitaire: I was disappointed with this book. I expected informative and interesting descriptions of the desert southwest, and there is some of this. However, the author gets so carried away with inappropriate political discussion and criticism of almost everyone and everything, it really detracts from the story. I actual skipped through some of these parts. When he does stay with the natural descriptions, the author is knowledgable and actually quite poetic. Some of his descriptions are over-the-top though with tedious classical and cultural references. Would not recommend this book. I'm sure there are much better books with stories and information on the desert that avoid the political extremism.",
20290,__label__1,"no story: This was just a travel log...almost just a daily journal. I expected a story line; a plot. It became more and more of the same, and less and less interesting. When it ended, I was shocked, and my response was, ""that's it?""",
20291,__label__2,"This book should be required reading: Part-polemical essay on conservation, part-journal of his experiences as a park ranger in Arches Monument National Park, Abbey writes with sparse, beautiful descriptions and expounds upon his ideas for conservation of our national parks. His ideas are fascinating, and as more and more of our national parks and monuments are paved to make them user-friendly, Abbey's book becomes more and more important, especially in light of our current administration's (lousy) attitude regarding the environment. It's not the fastest read, but it should be required reading of all high-school students before they're released into the world.",
20292,__label__2,"Great read!: A great into to a wonderful part of North America and what is happening to it, to us as well over-develop every square inch. Great read!",
20293,__label__2,"Deserty Solitaire: An interesting book dealing with much more than the desert. The author combines facts, sub stories and opinion to create a very thought provoking book. I have recommended it to one of my sons who lives in Albuquerque.",
20294,__label__1,"Desert deception: I just read a Kindle version of this in hopes of giving my first trip to Moab some special meaning. What a disappointment. I had read some Amazon reviews proclaiming this book as some type of masterpiece. In all due respect, those readers must not get out much. This book was more than just boring; it rambled on without any structure or cohesiveness. The fact that it was so poorly written could be overlooked if at least Abbey had an interesting story to tell; he did not. Do yourself a favor and skip it.",
20295,__label__1,"Full of Hatred: Sorry, but I didn't care much for this one. I could not detect that the author had much love for the desert, just a lot of hatred for humankind. Let the reader be prepared for that, and not expect a pretty documentary about the desert.",
20296,__label__2,"An Inspirational Call to Action!: I first read this book while spending a solitary winter in the Sawtooth Mountains of Idaho. I cannot imagine a better companion.Abbey had a spiritual connection to landscape that is both intoxicating and addictive, and his plainspoken narrative connects the reader to the depth of his desert experience in an uncommon way. But perhaps the most moving aspect of Desert Solitaire (indeed, all of Abbey's writing) is that the reader, by associating himself with the book, is called to action. This is not a book, nor is this an author, for the passive observer. Someone who wants a nice tale of living in the desert ought to look elsewhere. For anyone who's restless and ready to confront his or her spirit in a purposeful way, inspiration awaits!",
20297,__label__2,"Simply the best: This book is the one that got me started going out West over a quarter century ago. I've never regretted it and read the book about every other year along with ""Slickrock"", (another Abbey masterpiece), for old times' sake.Ed Abbey always maintained he wrote to eat. He would have scoffed at allegations that his first book was a brilliant, evocative, militant, sentimental, enormously literate, invitation to help preserve what was left, (even though it is). Lake Foul, behind Glen Canyon Damn, broke his heart, but he remained a vibrant influence for free thinking until his death. This book, though it was his first, is still his best memorial. If you don't read it, it is your loss.There may be people who won't like it because it presents a viewpoint too easily eschewed in today's Enron-ethic climate. They are the ones who should read it most.",
20298,__label__2,"A Great Read: Bitter, subversive, and entertaining, Edward Abbey creates a masterpiece. Abbey's focus on the slip-rock country of Utah assigns a new valuation to this seemingly useless desert. Delving into the depths of canyons and gorges, Abbey unveils a beautiful landscape, encroached on by the likes of tourists and engineers building dams.",
20299,__label__2,Must reading: An early environmentalist even before the term came into use. Ranks up there with Sand County Almanac and Silent Spring. A must read for those who care about the environment. Abbey predicted some of the water problems that now face the southwest.,
20300,__label__2,"One of My Favorites: Ed Abbey was easily one of the best authors to write about the American Southwest. His humor and wit contrast nicely with his love of the desert. DESERT SOLITAIRE allows the reader to drift into a much simpler, slower life for a short time. Mr.Abbey's polemic about the National Parks is quite entertaining, as I am sure it will just be a matter of time before we have rubber rocks in Yosemite!",
20301,__label__2,"an excellent narrative that everyone should read.: Edward Abbey tells of his adventures as a ranger in the Arches National Park with humor, eloquence and a passion for the vanishing wilderness unmatched by any contemporary author in my experience.You'll laugh at his adventures and misadventures all the way through the book - and then be left with a lingering sadness that the area he describes with such affection is already changed.Buy it or borrow it, but read it if wish to touch a unique part of our wilderness heritage.",
20302,__label__2,"Forget death, forget taxes: Reading this book is, I feel, an unspoken duty of all peoplewith any interest in what allows them to live. Unlike some readers, Iinterpret Abbey's vision of the best lifestyle as a balance between roots (nature) and future (society). He is not a Luddite, nor is he an anarchist. This book offends many due to its strong views (name one person that made a difference about something they were ambivalent over). The key to understanding Desert Solitaire is; (yes here comes the platitude); keeping an open mind. There is no better way to phrase it.",
20303,__label__2,"Feel the passion of a man in the wilderness.: Are you one of those city-people? Working all day in buildings surrounded by steel and stone? Read this book and you wish to be in that wilderness. With poetic words Abbey makes you dream of deep canyons, hot deserts, powerful rivers and high mountains. Feel the heat, thirst and happiness. This book contains the personal and critical view and the experience of an outdoor man in an industrial world. It tells stories about dangerous adventures full of action an humor. If you have ever been in the canyon country this book is a must.",
20304,__label__2,"Thus spoke Edward Abbey: This book stinks of Neitzsche. Mr. Abbey was as much a loaner as Fredreiche ever was. While staying at the Lazy Lizard Hostel in Moab, I read this book for the first time and discovered the greatness of this desert land in my two week stay there. The desert of Utah is uncompromising and incompassionate, not to be taken advantage of. The small area of land known as Moab is not for the faint of heart, its for those who love nature at its extreme. Unfortunately, the street (there is really only one) of Moab is now lined with 4x4 rental places, a Wendy's, a McDonald's, and all the other garbage that comes with civilization. Abbey's premontions were correct, this place has sadly turned into a Mecca for tourits and 4 wheelers who have no respect for this land and those who came before them. If you go here, pay close attention to the rock and how time has played its cruel tricks upon it, clockwise as the Arches deteriorate.",
20305,__label__1,"Great topic but brought down by the ranting: When Edward Abbey writes about the natural scenery of Utah it is splendid and a joy. When he moves on to his philosophy it is a struggle to stick through to the next page. The level of his hypocrisy is only matched by the level of his misanthropy. I could respect his opinions if he had quit work and moved to the desert, but he took a job for a capitalist government to tend the needs of the tourists, so all his rants about the same ring hollow. His ideas are what you would expect for a first year college student angry with society, not the deep thinker he takes himself to be. The number of glowing reviews really surprises me. I suspect many of them maybe didn't get passed the first couple chapters (which are great, great chapters). It's a wonderful topic but there are probably better sources out there.",
20306,__label__2,Desert Solitaire Review: This book arrived promptly and is in good condition. There were no torn pages and the print is clear. I am satisfied with this book. Thank you.,
20307,__label__2,Desert Solitare - a good read: Desert Solitare was recommended by an avid hiker since i was planning a hiking trip in Moab. Though the author has some radical thoughts you take them in stride as they are just personal commentary. He truly explains what it's like out there and teaches you about the desert and what's out there. Fun to read before you go.,
20308,__label__1,"Cabaret version of politics: The disc features songs of political passion turned into a cabaret performance. It reminds one a little of listening to the ""Star-Spangled Banner"" as delivered at a football game by a narcissistic rock star. The German, Spanish and French lyrics are mis-pronounced, the period music is turned into folk rock cadences and the presentation is anachronistic. Try Paul Robeson.",
20309,__label__1,"American folk group sing some Spanish Civil War songs: The title ""Songs of the Spanish Civil War 1936-1939"" is deceptive and deceiving.Several songs in the album seems to be, at best, ABOUT the war. Others (6, 18) were written by English/American including music by Michael Smith, the performer. Hardly a Spanish song or lyrics.Rozhinkes mit Mandlen (20), is to the best of my knowledge an Eastern European (Jewish?) song. I wonder about its relevance to Spain.Worst of all, all the songs are performed a'la the great American folk style of the 60'. I was looking for Spanish songs with Spanish flavor and rhythm not to Peter, Paul & Mary.",
20310,__label__1,This doesn't work: I bought 2 of these rumble packs and neither of them work. I have tried them in several different games and they only worked in one and then only on and off. It would be a great price if they worked but I feel like I just wasted my money. My advice is to pay a few dollars more and buy something that will work.,
20311,__label__1,Does not work with nfl2k and nba2k!: This nyko jump pack sucks it will not work with nfl2k or nba2k. It works great in sonic. Just pick up the madcatz froce pack it much much better.,
20312,__label__2,"Good item for a great price: This item (Nyko ThunderPak) for DC is a good product. It rumbles when it needs to, and dosen't go overboard with it. It also dosent make the controller feel too much different (A difinate plus) My only gripe is that it dosen't rumble like I want it to in Marvel Vs Capcom 2. It rumbles a little (almost unnoticible) when jabbed or thrown...but when a super hits you..HOLD ON! SO maybe thats a plus ;) And with this price (75% of the cost og most other rumble packs) you have nothing to lose.PICK IT UP!",
20313,__label__1,This doesn't work right: This doesn't work right with nba2k and nfl2k do not git it get a madcaz one it works I have 2 thay r good,
20314,__label__2,"Worked for 6 months: The vidbrations were good. Very hard and accurate vibrations.But this product is just not very durable. Mine lasted for over 6 months, but my other rumble pack is much older, outlasted this Nyko Thunder pack.Buy the Tremor pack instead of the Thunder pack. The Tremor pack is not made by Nyko.",
20315,__label__2,Pro One Jump Starter is a pretty tough assistant: I have not had the Pro One for very long but it has already done a fine job jump starting my plow truck at least once. The small 400 crank amp unit I had before was way too wimpy to do the job but his unit does not hesitate. So far so real good.,
20316,__label__1,"Flimsy and not intuitive to refill.: We have one of these at our shop, and nobody ever refills it. Why? It requires a fairly complex set of steps compared to everytihng else on the market. You must first unlatch the locking mechanism, fold the arm out of the way (not intuitive at all). Tried to find instructions for this online, so I could print them out to clear it up, but I can't find anything. Terrible holder, I'd rather have a homemade piece of wood.",
20317,__label__1,"I must have missed it: Other reviewers have given the plot, so I'll skip that part. I watched this and don't understand what the excitement is about. Bergman is a prop here, with very little actual camera time. There is about 5 seconds of tension, and when the tense moments are resolved (the scene could have lasted longer), the ending becomes clear. Too predictable for me.",
20318,__label__1,"No Light Relief: The product is totally inferior to what I was expecting and advertised. I returned the item and asked for a refund. Hard to find someone to communicate with satisfactorily. When finally I got the money, it was substantially less than the money I paid for! Nobody cared to give me the explanation. All my emails went unanswered! I am terribly dissatisfied with this product, the company, and the service.",
20319,__label__1,"womans life in colonial days: This book is a photocopied volume of an out of print book. There are no chapter headings and the text is garbled in several places and runs together with inserts that are intrusive. The information is there, but it takes more concentration to glean it than in a normal format. Carol Warburton",
20320,__label__2,Good Supplement to Colonial Life Information: I found this book to be helpful in my reseach of what life was like during the Colonial Period. The author uses and quotes from diaries and correspondence to contradict some of the common generalities and assumptions of the era. He shows women had more active roles than many assume. I found it to be interesting and a good addition to my notes.,
20321,__label__2,"This book may not be for everyone.: The book was very interesting from a woman's point of view. There were things that I never knew. For example, I always assumed that women were the meek and unrespected sex of the colonial period, when in fact they were well respected. I did think that there were too many diary entries.",
20322,__label__1,"meh, historical insight into a MAN's mind: they're free they're sometimes interesting. It certainly gives you insight into a MAN's mind at the time of the books original publishing date. all in all very boring very...pointless. I love history but this was horribly written at the time it was first published, and other then a reference for school work I can't imagine why anyone would read this for fun.",
20323,__label__1,Womeans Life in Colonial Days- free Kindle Book: Didn't like the book so I couldn't finish it. I can't tell u what I thought of it since I didn't finish reading it. To me the book didn't make a whole lot of sense.,
20324,__label__1,Does not work as advertised: In theory this looks so easy to use. I bought it with very high expectations. I have tried to use it twice now and it certainly does not work as described in the instructions. The water turns blue within a couple of minutes and all the granules in the sprayer disappear within the first 5 mins. The instructions say that if the container only has blue water without granules that means you need a refill of the fertilizer. I would stay away from this. It was a waste of money for me.,
20325,__label__2,"USER ERROR! Is the problem here. Lack of instructions: The reviews appeared justified however, after several user error factors on my part this product gets 4 stars because they need to provide clear instructions.First mistake..Honestly...Put it somewhere on the label to remove the plastic film on the container holding the fertilizer. I popped it on my hose and started going, nothing coming out. Ok my fault im an idiot should have checked.Second. Fill the container and let the water fill up completely. Once you do it works. HOLD IT LEVEL. If you start tilting or shaking the sprayer you get inconsistent amounts of fertilizer and it also starts emptying the water from the container needing it to wait to fill back up. Give it a try.",
20326,__label__1,"Only Lasted about Three Uses: The product didn't mix well in the reservoir,so I shook it up, and kept spraying. I knew it wasn't applying evenly, but that was okay. Miracle-Gro doesn't burn my plants if I get a little too much on one or the other. But then the sprayer started leaking on the second use. I made sure I had the thing closed correctly and on right, but it leaked. And then the plastic switch on top where you switch from just water to water and fertilizer mix, completely quit working. I wasn't mis-using it or switching it back and forth a lot, just watered some after the fertilizer was gone, so the whole garden would be watered. Small garden. I was very disappointed, since I'd stocked up on Miracle-Gro for plants, tomatoes, etc. I love how easily it mixes and that it doesn't burn plants, but I'm afraid to try another sprayer.Does anyone know if I can just buy another sprayer/applicator and use it with Miracle-Gro?Thanks!",
20327,__label__1,Valve sticks open: After about 5 uses the valve sticks open when I release the trigger and will not shut off. What a piece of junk.,
20328,__label__2,"Improvement over their previous product: I don't think the people writing some of the negative reviews understand this product. They've greatly increased onvenience over the previous version by adding the various controls, and the handle. It's VERY hard (in this, or the previous) to actually see the water coming out as blue, but you can eventually see the water in the jar turning pale. Yes, it takes a while to fill, that's the way any of these types of sprayers work. I have no problem with leakage (I will watch for that, based on the bad reviews), mine had the washer where it belonged (if it didn't, I would have added one). The instructions for the old one said to use it for 12 minutes, and then done, even if the water was blue. These instructions imply that the mixing will take place as you spray, meaning that shaking it to dissolve the crystals is counterproductive; some clarification might help here.",
20329,__label__1,"Miracle-Gro 100410 lawn and garden feeder: Good idea but poorly made. I followed instructions and hooked the feeder to my garden hose using city water. All was good till I let go of the trigger, then water leaked badly from the handle and trigger area. It became useless at that point. Will need to take back for a refund. Why should any product fail on the first use..... it shouldn't. Stick with the liquid feeder it seems to work better.",
20330,__label__1,Doesn't work: The connection between the hose and the sprayer seems to be missing a part or something. There's no washer and there is an obvious path for water to escape. It leaks like crazy. Only recommended if it is hot outside and you want to get sprayed while fertilizing your plants.,
20331,__label__1,junk: This contraption does not mix the miracle gro evenly. Why they put their name on something like this is beyond me,
20332,__label__1,"Garbage: This has to be the biggest waste of money for the dumbest concept of a plant feeder. My main complaint is that the thing doesn't even have an intake tube/straw to pull fertilizer into the feeder nozzle. The tank also does not fill completely. This means that you have to turn it upside down or sideways to get any fertilizer out. Next, the sprayers are horrible. My previous sprayer had a vertical fan making it easier to sweep inclined plants from left to right. It's not a big deal, because I have to keep this thing sideways to use it anyway (which means I can use the horizontal fan) haha. I also got better range on my previous sprayer. That could be partly because of the poorly designed nozzles on this sprayer, or the fact that the cheap plastic parts sometimes leak, relieving what little pressure I apply to it. I guess it's back to the old sprayer...",
20333,__label__2,Easier to hold: My wife likes this feeder compared to couple other ones I had purchased because its easier to hold and seems very functional..,
20334,__label__1,"Disappointed in Scotts: This product is new and replaced one that also leaked, but the old one only dripped and I managed to hot glue spots where it dripped.This one LEAKS in several places.It is unusable.I emailed Scotts and they defended the product and said they had very few complaints.I suggested they read these reviews.I guess they want us to buy the premixed products which apparently have a much higher profit margin.Anyone find something to replace this product?",
20335,__label__1,"I'm vindicated!: I didn't buy this from Amazon. I bought it locally. Having used it, I thought I'd check in on Amazon just to see if anyone else had the same problems. Good grief! I wish I had read the Amazon reviews first! If the growth of the plants has anything to do with the randomness of the blue spray, every other plant will be gigantic and the others will starve. I even did the upside-down, shake, off-and-on routine that others did (funny we all tried the same things), but nothing helped.I do love the product Miracle Grow, but I don't understand how they could get the sprayer so wrong.I also got spray all over myself. I wonder if I'll get taller. Or maybe just one side of me will get taller.Anyway, I'll be looking for a good sprayer as I have a great big box of Miracle Grow to use up.",
20336,__label__1,"The old one worked well.: The miracle gro product is great, especially in an arid area with little rain to activate a granule product, but the new feeder design is pathetic. When I FINALLY got it working properly, it dribbled constantly during and in between use. I checked all washers and retightened everything to no avail. The trigger has to be contantly depressed during use, and you have to squeeze AS HARD AS YOU CAN, regardless of the water pressure. It was exhausting. Do they bother to beta test these things? The old one dribbled a little if it tipped over, but otherwise was fine. It also had one switch and stayed on without having to constantly apply pressure. I'd still be using it if the container hadn't blown away in a wind storm.",
20337,__label__1,Too hard to handle: I much prefer the Miracle Gro 'pellets' as this contraption is too hard to handle while dragging a hose to all parts of the garden.,
20338,__label__1,Very poor idea: I have used the old Model #100409 garden feeder and was pleased. I used the old feeder with it's hose to hose connection. This way I could water my lawn when it was hot and dry. I cannot stand for two hours watering my large back yard with an end hose feeder.,
20339,__label__1,"This item has a desight problem: Length:: 0:10 MinsThis item have a desing problem, cause the plug in get water out all the time...",
20340,__label__1,"inconsistent spray pattern: Good idea, poorly engineered. By watching the color of the discharge it is apparent the delivery of dissolved fertilizer is very inconsistent. It fluctuates from clear to blue randomly. Tilt it down and you sometimes get a short burst of dark blue. I had little confidence that individual plants and shrubs were getting proper feeding. It's also difficult to know just when to reload. My impression was that the solution became progressively dilute well before all the particles were dissolved. Frequent shaking is necessary. For the money I guess one can't expect much but this product frustrated me so I'm taking it back just to send a message to the company.",
20341,__label__1,"California Gardner: After several hours of trying including drilling the feed water hole to the bowl I was unable to maintain a blue colored stream of water. I tried to shake the bowl, turn it upside down and every other position and method I could think of to maintain a continuous stream of blue. Nothing worked. I threw my Miracle-Gro Garden Feeder away and this product should be pulled from the market by Scott's. The engineering department of Scott's must be located a long long way from the consumer and the internal testing of this product as it does not work as manufactured. Do not buy this product as it will not work for you.",
20342,__label__1,"... LOOK HERE FOR THE ANSWER !!!: OK, folks, the Miracle-Gro Lawn feeder doesn't work. Miracle-Gro makes GREAT plant foods -- but they just can't make feeders that work worth a darn. So, this is what you have to do. Step one .. don't buy it. Step two .. buy an ORTHO Dial 'N Spray Multi-Use Hose-End Sprayer. I've got two of 'em. One for weed killer, and one for Miracle Gro stuff. Pour your Miracle Gro lawn food (one packet) into the Ortho Dial Sprayer. Fill it with water. Stir with a spoon (one that you will use permanently with this sprayer) Put the lid (top) back on. Set the dial to 2 and 1/2, then hook it up to your hose and blast away.When the blue water in your container is all gone, you're done. No guessing; no turning upside down; no wondering ... period. YOU MUST CLEAN IT OUT WHEN YOU'RE DONE OR IT WILL BE HISTORY AFTER ONE USE. It takes two minutes. And that's how it's done, folks. It really works -- good !!! Now, JUST GO OUT THERE AND DO IT !!!!",
20343,__label__1,Junk: I just got done using this thing and it didn't even work as expected. It takes FOREVER for it to fill with water. Then it seemed to never spray out the lawn fertilizer. I had to basically tilt the ting upside down and on its side for the water to even turn blue. NEVER AGAIN. Scotts - Please revamp this for next season. This thing is JUNK!,
20344,__label__1,"Not even worth a star: A terrible product. The most annoying feature is that unless you keep the rig totally level, the jar leaks blue liquid all over everything (yes, I tightened the crap out of the lid, to no avail). I'd work around this if the thing actually worked. Two problems: 1) though the jar filled with water as it was supposed to, I could never tell whether what was coming out of the sprayer was water only or fertilizer plus water. It was clear, not bluish; 2) At least an inch of undissolved fertilizer remains at the bottom of the jar, meaning plants aren't getting the required dose. Totally useless.",
20345,__label__1,"Junk: This is a great idea. Too bad it's a peice of junk. I didn't like how inexact the feeding was since you never knew how much was left in there, especially after storing it for a while. I could have lived with that, though. What I couldn't live with was the fact that after three uses, water exploded from every available orifice. Junk.",
20346,__label__1,new junk: on my old one could take front nozzle off and plug inbetwen hose's and feed entire garden.not on this piece of crap.and will not melt powder evenly.they screwed up a good thing,
20347,__label__1,Piece of s____: Great concept but poorly designed.Like some of the other reviews I couldn'tget a steady blue stream.So I took it back and exchenged it for anotherone. Same problem.It just doesn't work.JM,
20348,__label__1,"Absolutely Horrible: I'd give this zero stars if possible. First, it leaks like a sieve after just a few (single digit) hours of use... as in 20% of the water lands on my foot. (And no, the leak isn't from where the hose mates to the sprayer). Secondly, it is hard to get a consistent rate of feed from the fertilizer. The first half is gone after a minute, and the second half takes an hour to disappear. Avoid it... enough said.",
20349,__label__1,"Miracle Grow Feeder A Bust: The best part of the Miracle-Grow Lawn & Garden Feeder was when I got so disgusted with it I took it out to the driveway and smashed the darn thing!! Love the fertilizers, rose food, etc. but forget the feeder. It's not worth the money or the aggravation.",
20350,__label__1,"Bad Design-: What is Scotts thinking? Cannot hook this piece of junk inline like you could with the older design, and the mixing is now inconsistent - nothing like the older design. Do not waste your time with this- it is a piece of poorly designed junk.",
20351,__label__1,doesn't connect to my hose: i bought this from a local store and when i tried connecting it to 2 different hoses it didn't connect.Buy Miracle-Gro Shake and Feed instead it's so much better.,
20352,__label__1,"What happened Scott People?: I used to have the old model feeder, an I loved it When that one got old ,and clogged I decided time for a new and improved one. BOY!!!! was I surprised when all I got was wet blue feet, becaused the thing leaked all over, feet, hands, grass. almost every place but where I wanted it to go.Shame,on you people. Don't you test your products. you ought to be reimbursing everyone who bought one.",
20353,__label__1,"Product sucks: Product is cheaply made. The canister does not make a good seal, one leak. Then there are other leak issues at the hose connection. Good luck if you buy one sucker...",
20354,__label__1,"Not a good product: As a long term buyer and user of Miracle Grow products, I was very disappointed with this sprayer. I tried every possible way I could think of to get this sprayer to work properly, but to no avail. Still dealt with an inconsistant spray. Would recommend avoidance of this sprayer.",
20355,__label__1,"Great product, piss poor sprayer: I have used Mircle-Grow for 35 years. Not a problem with the sprayer. It just got old and so I bought a ""new"" one. The new sprayer is a piece of crap. I want to fertilize the plant not me! It leaks like mad between the hose connection and the on and off switch at the ribbing. I bought a second one thinking that something was wrong with the first one. The second one is just as bad. Previous to these two I had one with the trigger and that did not work either. The engineers that designed this sprayer must be from Fisher-Price. Don't buy the sprayer",
20356,__label__1,"It Works, However....: Installed this and two new drives and was quite happy with the new disk space available. However after a while I noticed that my system speed had been reduced considerably. After troubleshooting and removing the card from my system, everything was back up to speed. It works but at a price.",
20357,__label__2,"Another quality Siig product.: If you have an unused PCIE x1 slot, need more sata connectors but don't have anymore, then this is your best solution. Best price on the web too. Thanks Amazon. It works flawlessly. It can also be used with a SATA dvd/cd reader or burner. If you do use it for DVD or CD sata instead of HD's you may have a problem with freezing at the BIOS screen when booting up or restarting. You need to remove any media that is in the drive if this is occuring. Again while starting or restarting for some reason if you leave a dvd or cd in the drive that is connected through this card, the Bios screen will freeze. So basically if you do use it that way just take out the cd/dvd before shutting down or restarting. Works Perfectly flawless though with two 250GB western digital sata HD's. I have used many siig products throughout the years and they are definitely one of the best hardware mfg..",
20358,__label__2,"Almanac Review: This is a well-organized reference that I use every day. I have purchased one of these annually for a lot of years. The ONLY bad thing is that they never have figured out a way to keep the colored pages with the maps from falling out after a little while. Even if you baby those pages, they are doomed.",
20359,__label__2,Likley the very best: I found the 2006 Almanac excellent and full of information. It is a must for the office desk,
20360,__label__2,"Very Cute Baking Cups: These were a perfect choice for my daughters tinkerbell birthday party, these along with the tinkerbell cupcake toppers I got made a perfect birthday treat.",
20361,__label__1,Pure dog poop.: Don't waste your money like I did. Kathie Lee was a hottie but her CD sucks! They should use this CD for drive people crazy. The help me look at the world like Jesus song (track #7)almost made me crash my car.,
20362,__label__2,"MINN KOTA MKP 6 PROP: GREAT PRODUCT AND GREAT PRICE AND WORKS GREAT, MINN KOTO SHOULD INCLUDE THIS WEEDLESS WEDGE PROP.THE POWER PROP THAT COMES WITH THE ENDURA C-30 MOTORS LIKES WEEDS EVEN IN LIGHT WEEDS TANGLES AROUND PROP.",
20363,__label__2,"Perfect Prop: This was a great value to replace a broken prop. Plus, this is a Ninja prop and will come in very handy when tangled in weeds with the boat.",
20364,__label__2,"trolling motor prop: New in package, exactly as decribed, I ordered wrong size, cheap enough not to return, shipped quickly, hangs nicely on fish shed wall. Reminder to check model #'s first. Much cheaper than box store price. thanks r",
20365,__label__2,"The Three Princpal Paths: This is a highly accessible exposition of the three principal paths of Buddhism, being renunciation, the wish to achieve enlightenment for all sentient beings and the correct view (the wisdom realising emptiness).Based on a poem written by one of the most precious masters of Tibetan Buddhism Lama Tsong-Kha-Pa, the commentary is relatively brief yet lacks nothing in detail.The small size of the book makes it both a wonderful reference work and perfect travelling companion.I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in Tibetan Buddhism.",
20366,__label__1,"Bad sound quality: I just purchased this CD via digital download, listened to the tracks, and the quality is BAD!It sounds like the mp3's were digitized using a turntable with a dirty needle! Or when the mp3 file was created that clipping occurred.As this date that I posting this review, DO NOT BUY these mp3s unless you want to hear cracks and pops!The tracks themsevles are good music, but the sound quality sucks!",
20367,__label__2,"Finally becoming as important as it should've since 1977: I read it first before studying industrial design. Then read bits of it every semester of study. Now, a professional, I was thrilled when I found the new edition. I've always thought the world needs to work more like Papanek proposes, and actually, I think now people are becoming a lot more aware of the issues raised here. Papanek's predictions or ideals are happening: In ecology, social work, and ethics. I admire this author, and it's all because of this book, to start with.",
20368,__label__2,"Fantastic!: For students of design, or those simply interested in design, this book is full of informative and practical insights into the overall design process.",
20369,__label__2,"Way Better Than All the Modern Design Thinking ""Guides"": Way ahead of his time. Design for the Real World contains all of the messages about creativity, design thinking, sustainable design, appropriate technology that are being echoed all around the design community now...but he wrote this THIRTY YEARS AGO. And the amazing thing is that nearly every one of his comments is still just as applicable today. If only everyone had listened the first time.Much more interesting than the IDEO guides and other ""creativity"" authors such as Ken Robinson.",
20370,__label__1,"Doesn't even hold a two-year-old's interest: I thought my 2-year-old daughter would love this toy when she got it for her birthday, since she loves anything that she can play with in the water. However, there really isn't much you can do with this; there are no moving parts, and only one way for the pieces to fit together. Another point against it is that you can't see the diver's face very well. This made her lose interest quickly. On top of everything, it leaks! My little girl still insists on having it in the bathtub with her (she has to have ALL her bath toys with her every time), so it slowly sinks to the bottom of the tub during every bath, and after every bath I empty the water out of the submarine. I haven't thrown it away because it was a gift, but I'm losing patience with this toy.",
20371,__label__2,"Wow.: I'd seen this book on the shelves at the library, but I had always passed over it because it was too non-linear for my research. Boy, was that a mistake. This is THE best book about San Francisco's Barbary Coast in existance. It came to my attention again because of 'Gangs of New York', and I went ahead and bought it this time. Read this book and find out how tame everyone from San Francisco is these days in comparison.",
20372,__label__2,"A Good Book About the Seamy Side of San Francisco.: The miners came in Forty-nine,The whores in fifty-one;And when they got togetherThey produced the native son.This irreverend verse in the early part of THE BARBARY COAST sets the tempo of what is to follow: Joaquin Murieta, the Vigilantes, the Tong Wars in Chinatown, Shanghaiing sailors, the red-light district. I read it forty years ago originally and still recommend it, as do I the same author's THE FRENCH QUARTER.This book is an informal history: as such it is sparse with the references, but it's a great read.San Franciscans should be proud of it.",
20373,__label__2,"This game was made by God.: I'm at a loss for words. It's worth every penny. One of the best games I've ever played. Easily the best game to be released here in the states. The story and atmosphere will entrance and lock you in a hypnotic grip before you even realize you lost your job, your girlfriend and even your World of Warcraft account. Again, I wish I could say more and I don't know how to properly convey the wonder and joy that this game is. There isn't a single game like it, and there never will be again. I'd say this is one of maybe, MAYBE five games that transcends the limitation of its status of belonging to the video game field and becomes purely a work of art. And I don't say that lightly.",
20374,__label__1,"Where is B Angie B?: ***********BUYER BEWARE************************. If you buy this CD for the song Juicy gotcha crazy Ft. B angie B you will be disappointed. Because she is not on the version that is on this album. And futher more the version on the album has some kind of rock sound with guys singing juicy in the background and the ladies rapping don't even sound like 357. This song and Yeah, Yeah, Yeah were the only reason I bought the CD. Yeah...song is cool it still sounds the same. But this messed up juicy version made me angry. I wish I had knew this before I bought it.",
20375,__label__2,"Generational Dirty Laundry: Wow! This mesmerizing tale of South Carolina - flashing between 1966 and now is taut and disturbing and compelled me to make a new List: SLEEP? Who Needs SLEEP? Page turners - all night long.It's a ""Who Dunnit"" and a ""Why Dunnit"" and yet a well-crafted cousin to both ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"" and ""A Time to Kill."" Don't waste any more time reading these reviews. Rush your little cursor right up there to that ""Add to ShoppingCart"" button and get it now, ya hear?! Reviewed by TundraVision",
20376,__label__2,"good book: When I say a good book, I mean one that keeps your interest. A sad story, probable a little over done on the actions for the white people, but one that makes you realize what racism does in a nation. Its hard to believe how we humans can treat each other.",
20377,__label__2,Sacrificed Lives: I thought the book was very good and I looked forward to finding out the ending. I did not like that one of the main characters was killed off very early in the story but the writer did go on from there with the other characters.,
20378,__label__1,"Racism in reverse?: Sad,sad book. Although raised in NYC,I lived in both North and South Carolina during the 1960's and agree there was racism....but this pushes the limits of reality. White people in power (in the clan of course) are all mean and stupid and kill little black children. Shame on the author.",
20379,__label__1,"This figure is not meant to be played with: Super tough looking batman figure. Best purpose -- for the collector who leaves it in the box. My son loves to play batman. Unfortunately, the first one only lasted about two days and the figure broke at the knees. So of course, we had to buy a replacement. The second one lasted less than an hour and it broke at the same place as the first one, right at the knees, where the shields are. Highly recommend for adult collectors only, unless you want to repeatidly keep buying replacements for crying children.",
20380,__label__2,minnkota electric anchor winches: Excellent product...works great. No more rope laying around in boat. Just push the button and down it goes til the anchor hits bottom. Push the button to off to lock into place.When ready to retrieve push up until anchor is back in place. For transporting insert locking pin and you are ready to head home.Exactly what I was looking for in this product!,
20381,__label__1,Very disappointed: I had this anchor winch installed on my boat when I bought the boat new in 2010. This unit has been nothing but trouble. It tends to knot itself up on the pulley and blow the breaker all the time. The boat dealer fixed it last year but wont touch it now because the warranty expired. Wow!!!!!! what a lemon.,
20382,__label__1,"Definitely not worth the price: First, the box arrived looking like it had been returned 3 or 4 time because it had 3 different shipping labels that had been covered up, and the box was badly worn.Secondly, the frame was not square when they welded it, making the bike ride off-center. The only way to correct the problem was to add several washers under the left rear plate. The bearings for the handlebars never fully seat which increases the friction.Unfortunately, this was a birthday gift and it was not worth the time or hassle to return this to the manufacturer and get a new one before the birthday party",
20383,__label__2,A must have for any Simpsons fan!: I am a hardcore simpsons fan and the quality of these videos is outstanding! I personally like the shorts in between the two episodes on each tape from when the simpsons were on the Tracy Ullman Show.,
20384,__label__1,"Poorly written and heavily biased book: I ordered this book expecting a thorough and unprejudiced recounting of the evolution of copyright law of the past 2 centuries. instead i got a very biased account of it. The author clearly leans toward the notion that copyright law is too restricting and tries to make that point strongly in all the evidence he sites. The evidence itself is not very compelling because it is presented is a very light manner, with very few quotes from actual court decisions. The author instead relies on trying to convince us by presenting his viewpoint of copyright law and his own commentary. instead of a complete account you get a one-sided presentation. The writing is also very elementary and reads as if it was geared toward the second grade. i was very dissappointed with this book and was barely able to finish it. i would not waste my time with this book.",
20385,__label__2,"Licorn - Unicornis: Unicornis is a mind-blowing book, I first read it when I was in the 9th grade, in 1991. I borrowed it from my local Library, and since returning it, I have never been able to find it since. It is a beautifully written book, with luscious illustrations and captures uniquely that delicious sense of majik and mystery. I wrote down the poem from the book, and had memorised it, so for the past nine years I have been able to recite it and hope that I may find this book again someday. Well worth the effort of searching for, trust me on this!",
20386,__label__2,"For those with an interest in Philippine or World Music: This album presents an impeccable recording and beautiful instrumentation and some very pleasant vocals. Like the country itself, the music represents a mix of the hispanic, asian and malayo-polynesian sensibilities. For those who have a deeper interest in Philippine culture, this is a must-get. But also for those who love authentic musics of the world, check this out. You won't be disappointed.",
20387,__label__1,"Misleading title: The title of this CD is misleading because what is supposed to be kulintang music, entitled Ka-singkil, Vinta, Tahing-Baila, Malong - dance accompaniment for Southern Mindanao dances are not the authentic kulintang music as played by the indigenous peoples of this region. Likewise with Dinuya - dance of the Mountain Province indigenous people. These pieces in this recording are percussion instrumentation as performed by the Bayanihan Dance Company quite different from the traditional percussion (kulintang and gangsa) music of the indigenous tribes.",
20388,__label__2,beckysue: Bought the star version of this necklace and it was lovely. The 8 year old that I bought it for just loved it and it looked beautiful.,
20389,__label__1,"Really?: I thought that this was the song written by Regina Spector because after purchasing one song from her, amazon linked me to this one. I completely regrett that I purchased it on accident. I couldn't even listen through the whole thing. Ten seconds was enough for me to decide that it lacks creativity, sounds straight up annoying and is thus total and utter crap. I would have given it zero stars but, amazon made me put at least one. If you are reading this don't accidentally buy or even buy it on purpose. This song shouldn't exist.",
20390,__label__2,Great Case for the Nokia 770!: This case is durable and looks good. I carried my 770 around more once I had this case. It is a perfect fit! The only thing I don't like is the belt clip - but this is mostly because of the Nokia 770's size and not because of the case. I highly recommend this case!,
20391,__label__2,"Okay series: The fifth season was okay. Not as good and the first four seasons. Too much about sex and girls. The earlier seasons were much funnier. Still good though, you can't help but like Will Smith. The whole cast is still funny.",
20392,__label__2,Thanks!: Item matches description exactly. It is also an amazing christmas present and I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.,
20393,__label__2,Fresh Prince Will: I love the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air and was happy to add to my collection season 5. I will look to add season 6 soon.,
20394,__label__2,Very Pleased!: I purchased the fifth season of Fresh Prince of Bel-Air for my niece for Christmas and she was so happy. The order came in just in time for Christmas!Very Pleased with Amazon's service!Emma-Marz,
20395,__label__1,"birthday present: Ordered this for my husbands birthday because I really liked the idea of the putt return. Received the item, and the mechanism just clicks. We followed the directions and sent a second ball down and tried rearranging it, but still didn't work. Called customer service to try to get an exchange, but of six phone calls (and leaving messages) was only able to reach one person who said they'd get back to me within the hour...it's now been 3 days and I still can't get a hold of anyone. I will now return this and not get an exchange just in case something happens with the next one...that is if I can get a hold of someone!",
20396,__label__2,Fun Gift: I got this for my fiance as a Christmas gift....its pretty fun. You have to make sure you have it set up right in order to have the ball return to you...but when it does...watch out! Its fast! For basic putting practice this is a good item!,
20397,__label__1,"FIRE!: Upon the second time playing with this putting green, it made a terrible sound and then smoke came out from under the cup. not a recommend buy.",
20398,__label__2,"Pleased with Purchase!: The condition of the book was new as described (it is a copy of an older edition, and delivery was timely.",
20399,__label__2,"""Not even a nun on the cover?"" Puh-leeze!: ""A Reader"" complains that the cover depicts a ""sister"" rather than a nun on the cover, adding: ""What a blunder!"" Clearly ""Reader"" him- or herself needs to read a little harder. The book's introduction says: ""I use the terms 'nun,' 'sister,' 'consecrated woman' and 'religious' interchangeably, although there are differences according to Church canonical law."" (For the layperson, ""nuns,"" strictly speaking, are members of religious orders, usually monastic, whereas ""sisters"" are members of religious congregations, generally working among the people.) It would be nice if the authors of such comments would take the trouble to look at the text as well as the cover, before rushing onto the Web to show us all how clever they are.",
20400,__label__1,"Decent ""starter"" book: Without reiterating the commentary from the five previous reviewers (all of whom I happen to agree with), I will only add that The Habit makes a decent primer for those who are new to the subject of women's clerical garb. It's a fast read and fairly interesting, but it really isn't worth the new hardcover price. Look for a used copy.",
20401,__label__1,"A Pastiche of Other's Work: Save your money on this one. From an average introduction, things went steadily downhill. If there was any original research in this book, it could not be found. Pictures were dated and can be found elsewhere in several other sources. All were all full body shots with little or no detail. Perhaps strangest was the Glossary of Church Terms, few if any were used in the body of the text. What that had to do with the main topic is still a mystery. About the only redeeming feature is it is an example of ""pastiche.""",
20402,__label__2,Hit the spot: I have always had a curiosity about nuns which would include their habits and this book was the only one I was able to find that helped break it down.Thanks!,
20403,__label__1,"Not what you're looking for: This is not the book for someone who wants to look at and relive through images their Catholic school days. Possibly 48 very small photographs, many irrelevant. This book is mainly text. A huge disappointment.",
20404,__label__1,"that's not even a nun on the cover: The habit depicted on the cover of this book is that of a Daughter of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul, before 1964. They do not identify themselves as nuns, since they do not take perpetual vows. They are ""sisters."" What a blunder!",
20405,__label__1,"Not all 5 episodes!: Why the description mentions the 5 episodes when, for some reason, you only actually get 1 with each genre of tour (and you don't get to choose which one), I am not sure. $2.99 for 24 minutes of view time is ridiculous. I hope it is a glitch and that it gets fixed because it is a super silly problem.",
20406,__label__1,"What a shame...: I've waited so long for one of my all time favorite films to come out on DVD and was really disapointed. The colorized version is laughable and the Black and white version is grainy and in bad need of restoration. If it weren't for Shirley Temple there would be no Fox Studios, so come on guys before you release her other films, do it right!",
20407,__label__2,A great classic!: This a wonderful classic that is worth watching during the holidays! A child and her grandfather develope a wonderful loving bond. A refreshing family movie!,
20408,__label__2,"One Of Shirley's Most Touching Films: Some people have said this is Shirley Temple's best film. It's not my favorite but I admit it is very good....and it has some of the most touching, wonderful moments of any of her films.The mean old lady, ""Fraulein Rottenmeier,"" played by Mary Nash, has too big a role in the second half of the movie making for a number of unpleasant scenes. I had gotten so involved with the story that I couldn't stand to see this mean woman so nasty to ""Heidi"" (Temple). Also, there was only one song-and-dance number and that's not enough for a Shirley Temple movie, in which we come to expect songs-and-dances.The other characters were fine. Arthur Treacher provides good humor; Jean Hersholt is great as the gruff-then-loving grandfather and Marcia Mae Jones is nice as the young invalid.This is a true classic story and ends with perhaps the most gorgeous and sweetest smile I've ever seen on Shirley's face.",
20409,__label__2,"Wholesome/Heartwarming: Shirley Temple gives a wonderful performance as Heidi, a very likable and unspoiled child. She lived with her aunt, after her parents die, for a few years. The aunt then in turn hands her off to her grandfather (Jean Hersholt), who is living in the mountains. He has a reputation of being a mean, violent, cruel man. Heidi turns the tide and his heart warms to her. Her aunt returns to steal her, sells her to a rich family to entertain an infirmed child. Heidi wants to return home, but the rich family won't allow it. In the end the grandfather finds her, she helps the infirmed child to walk again and they live happily ever after.",
20410,__label__1,Fox owes Shirley Temple and her fans better: I've always loved this movie and was thrilled to get it on DVD but the picture quality is horrendous. This is the worst DVD I've ever seen from a major studio. The colorized version was done back in the 80's before the process was refined and it looks awful. The black and white version is even worse. It looks like someone dragged the film down the street and then transfered it to DVD. Shame on Fox for leaving this version the only one available.Postscript-I picked up the remastered release in the pink package and it's a fine transfer of the movie-about time Fox! Hopefully the rest of the good Temple vehicles will be released in as good a shape as this one. Recommended.,
20411,__label__2,"A CLASSIC I WATCH EVERY CHRISTMAS SEASON: This is the definitive version of this movie, I have read some reviews below and would like to clear some things up. First off, this is the full feature and nothing was cut, second the print transfer is very good. Maybe there is a better print, but I have not seen it.There are only a hand full of her films that I will always remember and this is one of them. Curly Top, Bright Eyes and The Little Colonel were the others. The DVD has both Black and White and Colorized versions included. I am not a fan of colorizing anything, but since they kept the original intact, I did enjoy watching both.Now on to the film. This is a family classic that should be added to your Christmas movie collection. The film is so full of great characters and charm that it is easily watched year after year. Shirley is at her best in this beautifully crafted film about love, devotion and the Christmas spirit.",
20412,__label__1,"Heidi, starring Shirley Temple: I rented this 88 min. long DVD. Very disappointed that it did not tell the same story I remember seeing as a child. It seems that Paramount has cut the original so that much of the character building scenes are no longer present. That is what really made the story of Heidi have an impact. If I had never seen it before I would be sorely disappointed in the story. As it is now, I am only disappointed in what has been done to the movie. If anyone knows of a full length version that is available, I am there! Could it be the one referred to by your other reviewer (Jake Marsico) that Fox has done?",
20413,__label__1,"Americanized version of a Swiss story: I was pretty disappointed when I saw this movie. I have read the book, seen quite a few Heidi movies, but this one is not close to the book. The first part is ok, but the second part is totally made up.Chasings, prison, Fr. Rottenmeier is very evil and ( spoiler)tries to sell Heidi, etc.If you look for a Heidi movie that portaits the book, don't get this one. If you want a movie about Shirley Temple, this one is fine then. Being from Germany, this one dissapointed me. My favorite Heidi movie is the 1956 w/ Elsbeth Sigmund. It has a few changes from the book, but in generell is close to it and also gives you a feel of the time and place where Heidi would have lived.",
20414,__label__1,"Miserable mis-rendering!: As one who finds Johanna Spyri's ""Heidi"" to be one of the best children's books, I find this transition to melodrama dreadful, and totally untrue to the book's text. The independent Heidi, whose warmth and faith are such that she is fearless and completely kind, is reduced to a picture book moppet. Worse yet, characters such as Dete and Fraulein Rottenmeir, who, in the book, are respectively rather self-centred and puzzled at the lower class child, are depicted as totally wicked - ready to sell Heidi to the gypsies! Clara, who in the original is disabled more because of her elders' fear and over-protectiveness than because of her unnamed illness, now is the target of a wicked governess who has a financial interest in keeping her ill and weak.This dreadful film is suited only to those who are die hard fans of Shirley Temple.",
20415,__label__1,"only one!: The best part of this film was the scene in which she gets knocked down by a goat! LOL it was funny, that's worth a star",
20416,__label__1,"Horrible Movie!: As someone who loves the story Johanna Spyri created, this version of Heidi is the worst production of the story I have ever watched. Number one, it does not follow the wonderful written tale that Spyri penned. Two, the painted scenery is a real mockery of the beautiful Alps in Switzerland and three the acting is very affected, even by Miss Temple. If you want a true authentic version of this story, order the Disney DVD starring Jason Robards as the Grandfather, Patricia Neal as Peter's Grandmother, Jane Seymour as Fraulein Rottenmeyer and of course Noley Thornton who gives an outstanding performance as Heidi.",
20417,__label__2,"SHIRLEY AS A SWISS MISS: Temple is wonderful in one of her best-remembered roles as the waif who goes to live with her broken-hearted grandfather (Jean Hersholt) Both bitchy Mady Christians and Mary Nash (as the mean governess) give memorable performances as does the fragile Marcia Mae Jones as the crippled girl Heidi befriends and helps to walk again. This was just what the public wanted in 1937; 63 years later, children continue to be enchanted by this film which is based on the book by Johanna Spyri. Available colorized.",
20418,__label__1,"HELP: this does not work please help, reads on the computer not in the dvd player help!!! kids very unhappy please help",
20419,__label__2,awesome! rec'd it in a week...and it looked great! long ho! the classics..: i chose the 5star rating because the dvd looked awesome..couldnt even tell the movie was that old...i like the reformatting from the original theater showing...loved it because its a christmas classic for me for i used to watch this movie when i was younger..now its hard to find it on tv and some retail stores...would recommend this movie to anyone...glad u guys have all her classics. i will order more in the future....also it was my first time ordering from amazon and i got the dvd in a week..what a surprise?,
20420,__label__1,"Heidi: Heidi is a wonderful story. Although I love Shirley Temple movies, I was disappointed that this movie did not follow the story line of the book but added unnecessary plot line. I would not let my younger grandchildren watch this adaptation of Heidi. The cover may be color but the movie is B & W",
20421,__label__2,Heidi: My granddaughter loved this video and it held the interest of her parents and grandparents as well!,
20422,__label__2,"Good Price, Comfortable Shirt: For the price, you can't beat it. The material is pretty thin, but the perfect spring or summer shirt. Its been great to have an extra few of these in my closet!!",
20423,__label__1,"Don't buy unless.............: If you like peeing blood, go ahead and buy these. Seriously, I would have to say race only. On the street they are horrible, I am on here to buy Pro springs to replace.",
20424,__label__2,"Profound: Rodney Collin was a very deep thinker of a special kind, deeply influenced by Ouspenky.Both had an instinct for deeper truths not addressed by conventional philosophy and psychology.Both were aware that our lives proceed through mundane circumstance and events, but overlay a hidden mysterious inner world the understanding of which, for some reason, is outside of our grasp.These are thoughts he put down at various times in letters, part of his ongoing meditations, and compiled by his widow.",
20425,__label__2,The Best Foundation I've ever bought: It is pricey and that is why I have given it just four stars but in all other respects it is the best. If feels lovely on the skin and is very long lasting. Indeed when I wear it people comment on my lovely complexion. I have a sensitive skin prone to spots and blemishes so I stick to oil-free foundations. Usually I find them too light and with low coverage but this foundation covers perfectly well and hides any blemishes on my face. Moreover a little goes a long way so it lasts but again I have to admit that the price is rather hefty and for this reason I don't use in on a daily basis but save it for weekends and special occasions. So I reccommend it to anyone who is not scared by the price.,
20426,__label__1,Sketches by Boz as read by Anais 9000: Imagine one of the funniest and saddest collection of short stories by one of the greatest writers in the English language read by an vocally affectless female computer. Absolutely the worst thing ever foisted on an unwary public. Not worth spending a dime on. Pass it by friend.Sketches By Boz,
20427,__label__2,"Easy to read, eye opening for the uninitiated, not a how to.: This book is very good for people that do not work in the fields of credit/accounting/banking, etc. Much of what it had to say I already knew, but I guess I can therefore say I agree with it. It tells you why YOU should repair your own credit and not pay someone else to do it. It tells you WHY you should do it. It gives a good bibliography.... but it does NOT tell you HOW to do it. That's really what I was looking for. I liked it well enough to buy his other book, Life After Debt, which is advertised as a how-to. I'll get back to you.",
20428,__label__1,"Lacks useful information.: I recieved more useful information from a pamplet my bank sent to me than from this book. This book rambles on about how good credit affects you and why it's important to have good credit. The useful information is simply repeating what most people already know - That you can write your credit agency, and for a fee get a copy of your report, and you can write them a letter disputing what's in your report. It does not give any real depth to help you straiten out your credit.",
20429,__label__2,great show: gritty realistic and severe. I wish this was the only show on T V because there is notihg lie it and it is well acted and great story line. very real.,
20430,__label__2,"Draws you in and hooks you: This show never fails to surprise, sometimes shock me. When this show is on I drop everything else I'm doing to ensure I don't miss it.",
20431,__label__2,"It just gets better: All the characters (actors)play their roles perfectly. Like the above review, I know families and people like the Gallaghers. They exist, but to act it and make it believeable is another thing. William Macy, I have seen many of his movies and to be able to have his character in this series make me forget his other roles is the sign of a very, very talented man. They don't give Oscars for TV show actors, but he deserves one. He nails it, I have a friend who I went to school with and now at 59 years old could be Franks twin. Not sure if the writers of this show may have met my friend. Macy plays it to perfection. The series is excellent, the acting very believable and I am always saying, ""I know poeple who act like that"". Buy it, and enjoy, this one is a winner.",
20432,__label__2,"Great show! Fun to watch!: I love love love this show! The characters are so well written play out great. Nothing clean about this humor though folks, so if you are looking for a show to watch with the family, try something else.",
20433,__label__2,"great show: You will love this.Something different with every show, by different I mean, strange or unusual. Definitely worth watching.Entertaining.could not approve of it more.",
20434,__label__2,"The best TV series about real people: This series is without a doubt and most crass thing I have seen and I LOVE IT. This family is always scrapping and scraping to get by and just about everyone in the family has a live problem to deal with. Their parents are messed us with normal diseases such as alcoholism and bi-polar disorder. They fall in love with the wrong people, they make mistakes etc. This is real life stuff. Buy both the 1st and 2nd seasons.",
20435,__label__2,Waiting for it: did a pre order and it is on its way..i am sure it is as good as season 1. Want to get this viewed so i will be OK for season 3 to start.,
20436,__label__1,SHAMELESS: THE COMPLETE SECOND SEASON: i'm STILL waiting to receive it since Xmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I can't seem to track it and don't know who to send an email to????????????can you help track this down????????????,
20437,__label__1,"""Edgy"" for the sake of edgy: I get that pay cable shows can show whatever they want, but with ""shameless"" they're just doing it because they can. It's a COMPLETELY inaccurate portrayal of 95% of the residents of the south side of Chicago and they commonly mistake normal Chicago landmarks. It seems as if it's a show made by people from California who have no clue about what Chicago is like.p.s. I call bulls***on ANY girl who looks like Emmy Rossum shoveling s***for a living. It just doesn't happen. I don't care how poor they supposedly are.",
20438,__label__2,a great season: if you liked the first season then you will love this one even more it brings back the whole cast from the first one for more adventures and surprises,
20439,__label__2,"Just as great as the first season: The story line is even better in this season. I think it can do without as much nudity as it has, however, same with the first season.",
20440,__label__2,funny show: i enjoy watching this dysfunctional family try and survive life together...although there is such a sad tone underneath the real story line.,
20441,__label__1,Be careful!: I purchased these brayers in good faith. They are lousy. The rubber rollers are not round and leave gaps in the relief block.I cannot recommend these to anyone at any level of printmaking skills.,
20442,__label__2,"Very informative, with info. about many different breeds.: This book was very informative, and had segments on other types of security dogs, such as personal, and property protection, and alarms dogs as well as business security dogs. Has a lot of info and picking the right dog and temperment testing. Recommend,",
20443,__label__1,"Dude, what's the point?: This could possibly be the worst movie ever made. I like a dumb comedy just like the next guy. But this movie is just plain STUPID!! The acting is awful, and the plot is ridiculously dumb. It would be easier to give me the twenty bucks that you would spend on this movie, and have me punch you in your stomach. Trust me, it would be less painful.",
20444,__label__1,"Dude, I Hate This Movie!: One of the worst films ever made. Seriously, dude!Ashton Kutcher from That '70s Show and Seann Wiliam Scott from American Pie. The show and movie are wastelands. No talent whatsoever. I contrast this with the classic Dazed and Confused which is a gold mine of talent, even the people in minor roles.So these two guys awake to find that they had such a good time they forgot the previous night. They also can't find their car. A lot of talk about ""shibby."" This is a shameless poseur stoner comedy. Dude, how's that for adjectives?As for the space aliens, Ed Wood did it better in Plan 9 From Outer Space.",
20445,__label__2,"Dumb & Bumber, Part 2.: I'm a huge, HUGE fan of Dumb adn Dumber and I thought this comedy was the same thing... which it is. BUT, and this is a very big BUT... it goes off onto a weird plot about fantasy things. It kind of gets ridiculous around the 40 minute mark, but the first half is pretty funny. It's one of those movies that you really have to suspend disbelief, because it's not real what-so-ever. Although if it would have had more realism to it, it could have been a great flic.The bonus stuff is pretty good and I love the commentary that Ashton, Scott and Danny give. Great stories from the set!",
20446,__label__1,"DON'T SEE THIS ONE!: This was the worst movie I have ever seen. Don't get me wrong, I love movies like Dumb and Dumber, Road Trip, and Me, Myself, and Irene, but this movie made those three look like Academy Award Winners. It was just horrible, please do not go waste your time. The plot was horrible and I wish I hadn't spent the $4.36 to rent the DVD. I would have given this far lower than one star, but that is the lowest.",
20447,__label__2,"unbelievable: One Thursday night my friend dragged me to see what I thought would be a really stupid film. Ok,Ok, it was...dump but in the same time different. I can only say I laughed like I have never laughed in a theatre before. Especially the kissing scene, that was so surprising. I really do think that the two main characters were great. It is not easy to play in a movie like this one. As you probably have noticed I have ""only"" given this movie 4 stars. My reason for this is, that though the film is UNBELIAVEBLE FUNNY, it is, and I think we all can agree on that, superficiel. If a film shall be given 5 stars, it has to be a film that can make you think and wonder. That is my opinion, but 4 stars for giving me a great experience. And then....!!!",
20448,__label__1,"The Ultimate Movie Review! - [...] - @tss5078: Ok, ok, we all know about my affinity for Ashton Kutcher, however I don't give all his movies 5 stars. Dude, is absolutely ridiculous, stupid, pointless, basically, a classic stoner comedy. While it has no real point to it, it does have some pretty funny lines and that's what earns it 2 stars. In my opinion, the movie is nowhere near as raunchy as it has to be. Movies like this are based on cheap laughs, and when it's PG-13 without a single boob or F bomb, it's just nothing special. By the end the film, it was just totally out of control. I should have just turned it off, but I suffered through to the end. Basically this movie was the foundation for Harold & Kumar. It was ok, but just wasn't funny enough.",
20449,__label__2,"I couldn't stop laughing: OMG!!! I can't believe that I waited so long to see this movie! I was bent over laughing for the duration of it. A truly must see, it's just funny and light and exactly what I needed.",
20450,__label__1,"Terrible: Its just another hormonal teen movie centured around sex and drugs. This movie lacks intelligence, and the plot doesn't flow well.Two friends are dating, and one day on the date of the twins girlfriends birthday, they lose thier car. Thinking that the twin have some sex in store for them, they go on an adventure to find their car. Memories are lost because of the'r wild night before. While on the way, they get thrown into another stupid plot, to find a machine for a group of women who plan to give them erotic plasure if they bring it to them.My best advice is to stay away from this ignorant picture.",
20451,__label__1,Oh My God!: Dude... Were they kidding! Who wrote up this script. Humor only a [donkey] would find funny! Like another reviewer said sometimes if its a comedy movie there is usually some hope in the script but no mercy here just a couple of duds in a movie! Try again Hollywood!,
20452,__label__1,"DUMB!: I am so glad I rented this and didn't see it in the theater. It was those kind of movies that someone in middle school or high school would watch. I am now a college guy and I didn't even thought it was funny. When I saw this it was only 78 minutes with no jokes and I am being serious 78 minutes with no jokes there was maybe like only one joke in the movie and that's it. I do like Seann William Scott the guy who played Stiffler in the hilarious movie American Pie but this was one of his worst movies ever made. I can't wait for American Pie 2 to come out and I hope that's a lot better then this piece of [...]. This was the worst movie I have seen since The Stupids. If you want to see a better comedy movie go rent American Pie, Scary Movie, or Road Trip you will get more laughs in those movies then this. I hated this movie and I do not want to see it again please, do not waste your time on this piece of junk it's stupid.",
20453,__label__1,"Dude, Where's My Dignity?: This is probably the worst, stupidest waste of film I have ever seen. Not only is it not funny, it's not even mildly amusing. It is truly sad when the closest this movie gets to funny involves a blind kid hitting someone in the crotch with a bat. I must have destroyed several million neurons during the process of viewing this crap. One star is far too many, but Amazon won't let you give negative stars. For this movie, perhaps they should start.",
20454,__label__1,"A complete waste of time: I'd give this thing zero stars if I could....it's just that bad.Don't get me wrong--I enjoy a ""stupid"" comedy as much as the next person. Hell, I enjoyed American Pie enough to pick it up on DVD. But it's really stretching the bounds of the word stupid and comedy to label this as a stupid comedy. It's just plain bad. Most of the amusing stuff is in the trailer and even there it wasn't that amusing. And there are lots of jokes in this film that if I told you about them, they would sound humorous and like you might get a chuckle out of them. You'd be completely wrong. I didn't see Battlefield Earth, so I can't say unconditioanlly this is the worst film of the year 2000. I can say that it's one of the worst films I've seen in a long time.Do yourself a favor--skip this. Don't waste the money or your valuable time on this turkey.",
20455,__label__1,"I'd rather choke on my own vomit.: Seriously, this movie's target audience had to have been the bed wetter wing of the special needs home.",
20456,__label__1,"Trying too hard and not that funny.: This should have never made it to the theaters. I couldn't watch the entire thing, it was too stupid. They showed any funny parts it did have on the previews. I do like ""stupid"", ""silly"" comedy, but this one just wasn't funny. You may have to watch this one when you are tired and everything is funny, but I can think of much better movies to see.",
20457,__label__1,"Too stupid to even smile at: ""Dude, Where's My Car?"" is just another teenie-bopper-sex comedy movies to go along with the rest of the teenie-bopper...comedies....There is no real plot. Just two morons who woke up after a...night before (where many teenie-boppers will laugh at) and they can't find their car. And they are to stupid to even know what happened. This movie was made to draw in teenie-boppers, and it succeeded. But smart people who toally despise the teenie-bopper era, like myself, will stay away from this...",
20458,__label__1,"Dumb comedy that falls flat.: I went into this movie that it was going to be stupid. But I didn't even find it funny. Sure there are some scenes that make you laugh, but its cause they are so pathetic. The acting was terrible all around, and the story made no sense what so ever. This is just a bad movie with a cool title.",
20459,__label__1,"Dude, did the writers write a good script? NO WAY DUDE!!: Dude, Where's My Car? (2000) Ashton Kutcher, Seann William Scott, Jennifer Garner, Marla Sokoloff, Kristy Swanson, David Herman, Hal Sparks, Charlie O' Connell, D: Danny Leiner.Juvenile comedy about two pothead morons waking up in the morning with hangovers to find they misplaced their car and try to recap the wild events of the night before.Lowbrow and witless, with goofballs named Jesse and Chester, in the tradition of Bill and Ted, or Cheech and Chong, or Harry and Lloyd. Yes, teenagers will find appeal in this, and it can be entertaining if your idea for a Saturday evening is a waste of time.TRIVIA: Andy Dick and Brent Spiner appear unbilled. Followed by SERIOUSLY DUDE, WHERE'S MY CAR?Running Time: 83 minutes and rated PG-13 for language, drug content and sexual humor",
20460,__label__1,"THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN!: This movie is bad! There is so much to say about why it is bad, I do not even know where to start. First, There is really no plot! NONE! The acting In this film is also awful! The script, Awful! Everything, awful!. I am so glad I rented this, and did not buy it without seeing it! I gave this movie 1 star, but it really doesn't even deserve that! This film only has one good thing going for it, an Early appearance by JENNIFER GARNER. I have been a fan of hers since the 1999 TV series TIME OF YOUR LIFE. This movie should have been a short film, a very short film, then maybe it would have been entertaining. It is not short, it seems to never end. This is by far THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN! Don't even waste your time watching this...",
20461,__label__2,"PERFECT FOR A DISTRACTION FROM ALL THAT MATTERS.: I AM A BUSY EXECUTIVE AND SOMETIMES WOULD LIKE TO JUST BE ""ENTERTAINED"" BY A MOVIE. I NEEDED TO FIND A MOVIE THAT I COULD WATCH WITH MY 4 CHILDREN OF VARIED AGES. I CHOSE TO PURCHASE THE DVD WITH MEASURED SKEPTICISM. I WAS PREPARED FOR A DUD AND WAS QUITE SURPRISED THAT THE MOVIE WAS HILARIOUSLY ENTERTAINING. I THOUGHT THE MOVIE'S TWO MAIN CHARACTERS WOULD BE UNTOLERABLY STUPID, BUT WERE JUST A COUPLE OF STONERS. THIS MOVIE WAS SO FUNNY THAT WE WENT OVER OUR FAVORITE SCENES (DVD VERSION) SEVERAL TIMES JUST TO KEEP LAUGHING. THIS WAS A LITTLE LIKE CHEECH AND CHONG, BUT THE ONLY CHARACTER SMOKING POT WAS THE DOG.",
20462,__label__1,"Dude, What Did I Just Watch?: This movie is definitely not one of my favorites. The story, about two ""lovable"" doofuses who lose their car, get involved in a weird science fiction plot, meet up with a group of ""hot chicks"" who may be aliens and end up in a ostrich santcuary run by Brent (This is just a paycheck role for me) Spiner. I thought the Bill and Ted movie were dumb, but Dude, Where's My Car makes them look Shakespearan. The laughs were in the toilet humor vein only and the dialogue, if you could call it that, was obviously written by a middle schooler-guys saying or shouting ""Dude"" every minute is not humorous. Seann needs to change lanes with his role choices and quit playing the sex-on-the-mind idiots like in American Pie 1 and 2. Seeing Spiner in this bomb, after his brillant work as Data in Star Trek:The Next Generation, made me wince. Thank God he appears unbilled...",
20463,__label__1,"Pathetic: I am not going to slam this movie because it is stupid. I enjoy stupid movies quite often (Amazon even predicted that I would love the movie). But I am going to slam this movie because it was flat out not funny in the least. The guy from American Pie was brilliant in that movie because of his sarcastic wit, yet in Dude he plays a different character - a dimwitted moron, and he doesn't pull it off. Ashton Kutcher is his 70's show self and is funny but can't even come close to carrying the movie. ...",
20464,__label__1,"WORST MOVIE EVER: OHHH, This is the best movie ever..< i wonder if guys who think that about ( dude where's my car ) ever seen any other movies ?? !!... i guess not..i won't tell the story of that movie like ppl here do..it's not even worthy to be told..i realy feel that that one star i'm giving this movie is too much for it, i'd give it -ve 5 stars .and guys who think dude where's my car is their best movie ever..please..try to watch some real movies",
20465,__label__1,"Dude, what were you thinking?: I didn't have very high expectations for this movie but thought it might be good for a few laughs. What a disappointment! The acting is unbelievably bad. The script is also incredibly bad. I was hoping that the movie would be funny but it was just annoying.",
20466,__label__1,IT'S AN EDSEL!: Far and away the most disappointing cinematic experience I've had since Far And Away (1992). How a film can promise so much and deliver so little is one for the Ages.,
20467,__label__2,"Dude, Sweet!!: In one word this movie is Sweeeeeeet. All these other people give it one star and say it wasn't worth it. Well the first time I heard of it I thought it seemed stupid, but when my friend and I watched it I changed my mind. In this movie Jesse (Ashton Kutcher) and Chester (Seann William Scott) encounter ostriches, space babes, gay nordec dudes, and bubble wrap wearing space nerds. They all want the Continuim Transfunctioner. Dude Where's my Car? is worth your money so buy it!!",
20468,__label__1,"A Waste: Rented this out after watching many other movies of the same genre. It turned out to be stupid, but almost unwatchable after the first 1/2 hr. Was expecting much more then this.",
20469,__label__1,"Didn't find it funny.: Love both of these actors, but this movie was not good. It was really dumb. Hope they do better in future films.",
20470,__label__1,"Bad movies: This movie sucks and I would not watch it a second time. It isn't worth paying to see, so, don't waste your time.",
20471,__label__2,"Screwball Comedy Lives: Ashton Kutcher is tops in Dude, Where's My Car? The movie is a laugh riot, although the Sweet/Dude scene was a bit long. Otherwise, it is a classic screwball comedy with good characters, good writing and great pacing.",
20472,__label__1,"I asked for this: I asked for this. I knew what the movie was about. I knew it was going to be stupid. It lived up to its expectations. The movie is basically about two guys who don't know where their car is and end up dealing with a bunch of groups (the tech group, the jock group, the ""hot chicks"" group and two random guys) who want to take over the world. I knew I shouldn't have watched this movie, but I did. And now that I've seen it, the next time I hear about a good movie not being financed by Hollywood, I'll think, ""If this can be financed, ANYTHING should be."" People got a kick out of the ""and then"" but I thought that made the movie even goofier. And this is coming from someone who would watch every episode of ""Beavis and Butthead."" This movie made that cartoon look mildly smart.",
20473,__label__1,"dude, where's the comedy: I saw this had 4 1/2 stars and i just had to bring it down a peg. This movie blows more than a prostitute. Don't waste your time or money. Beleive me!",
20474,__label__1,"The State of Teen Movies Today...: If this crappy, crappy movie is any inkling to what teen movies are becoming than I fear for what the future will have to deal with. This movie was just stupid. It was pointless and rambling stupidity. Seann William Scott has great comedic talent but it just goes to waste in this terrible little movie. What's even worse is that I know if Hollywood has its way we'll be seeing a sequal in the not to distant future. This depresses me because it's just robbing quality pictures of funding. THAT'S IT, I'M DONE!",
20475,__label__1,"literally the worst movie i've ever seen - 0 stars: not only does the awfulness of this movie scare me, the fact that so many people actually like it scares me even more. like another person said, i'm no elitist snob.. i thoroughly enjoy ""stupid humor."" austin powers 2 is one of my favorite movies.however, austin powers 2 actually made you do something which a comedy is supposed to make you do: LAUGH. see, good comedies have something called ""jokes"" or ""gags."" revolutionary, i know.this movie has THE dumbest plot i've ever seen, THE worst acting you can ever conceieve, and it is THE worst attempt at comedy ever committed to film. if you like this movie, you're either 7 years old, or i don't want to know you.",
20476,__label__2,"the BEST MOVIE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: This movie is totally hilarious! It may be one heck of a movie, but I could easily compare it to classics such as Gone with The Wind. Seann William Scott is a genius! Everybody I know who's seen it gets a ton of laughs out of it. If you like movies such as Strange Brew, Bill & Teds Bogus Adventure, Scary Movie, and Half-Baked then this be da movie for ya'll!!!!!!!!!!!",
20477,__label__2,"If you're not looking to change your worldview: I rented this movie with few, if any, expectations. It's actually pretty funny, and my only analog is Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. The movie knows what it is, and it doesn't seek to change you. A good flick for that evening after a bad week and a couple of Dos Equis.Plus, David Herman's in it, and he rocks.",
20478,__label__1,"Torture: There is a certain amount of charm that is usually associated with dumb comedies. Sure, they don't exactly rack your brain, but they're a fun way to pass an hour and a half. Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure is one that springs to mind. It wasn't Citizen Kane, but it put a smile on your face, and maybe even made you laugh. Dude, Where's My Car? on the other hand lacks any amount of charm or humour. Not once did I laugh or find any of the protagonist's antics amusing. Their stupidity wasn't charming, it was absolutely mind-numbing. Besides, in what kind of a movie do the two main characters claim to be ""stoners"", but neither of them actually smoke any? The answer is a bad one. In fact, it was absolute torture to sit through this movie. After about five minutes I wished it was over. Unfortunately I saw it in the theater so I felt obligated to sit through the entire thing. If you have yet to see this movie don't waste your time.",
20479,__label__1,"Aw, don't bother: Perhaps I went into watching this movie with too high expectations. Perhaps I was still on the high that was Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back. Perhaps I just needed to be high. Regardless, this movie stunk. Idea is great, but the movie stunk. It consisted of semi funny jokes that went all entirely too long. ""And then?"" ""And then?"" ""And then?"" ""And then?"" ""And then?"" Yeah, we got the picture. It's not funny. I also felt like the script writers thought they were just too clever by having the characters recap the movie every 10 minutes. Like we would forget the zaniness that is a transsexual stripper trying to get her money back and Hot Chick aliens trying to get the something or other Galactic refibulator.Take my word, save your money and go see Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.",
20480,__label__1,"Painful: This is possibly the worst movie ever made. The two characters are very very lame. They act stupid, yet seem to pull it off with no humour at all. The jokes and one-liners are very childish. Not funny at all. I don't think I laughed at one scene in this whole movie. Trust me this is a painful movie to watch. Its cheesy, lame, and has no humour in it. ....",
20481,__label__1,Not a very good movie: I am thoroughly disappointed with this flick. I thought I was renting a movie that would have me laughing. Instead I was treated to whole lot of mind numbingly stupid banter between two guys whose names I cannot remember and will not remember because their sum of charisma and acting ability are so incredibly lacking.Go see Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure. See Fast Times at Ridgemont High (which this movie tries to emulate). But don't buy or rent this flick. You will be sorry if you do.,
20482,__label__1,Waste of time: This movie runs about one hour and fifteen minutes without closing credits. If you can't fill a movie for at least one and a half hours then don't bother charging me for it. I can't beleive the reviews for this awful movie. The laughs are very few and very far between. It is like a bad Disney channel movie. The music is totally wrong so much so that it is very annoying and very distracting.,
20483,__label__1,"Awful: First off, I am a lover of ""stupid"" movies ie. Dumb and Dumber, Kingpin etc. But this trash just isn't funny. I sat through this film and didn't crack even the smallest smile. Forget this film",
20484,__label__1,"One of the top ten worst movies ever!!!: I haven't even bought the dvd, but I have seen the movie, and I felt a need to write this after reading some of the other reviews. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It ranks right up there with that Godzilla movie from a couple of years ago, which was so bad that it actually angered me. This movie was just plain embarrassing. Either the other reviewers are having a good old laugh with their comments, or they're genuinely easy to please.",
20485,__label__1,"Lower The Camp Bar...: Ashton Kutcher is to acting what Ed Wood was to directing....One difference was that Wood's movies were bad enough to make the camp category. Kutcher's are bad enough that I understand some European cities have banned them...mainly in France.I would offer no stars, but one is required. This should be changed...",
20486,__label__1,"I want my 10 minutes back!!!: I just watched the first 10 minuts of this filth, and im contemplaiting commiting suicicide. Hands down the worst, stupidest and hideously unfunny garbage. It baffles me how people get money to make vomit like this!!! I cant imagine anyone over 10 years old finding this movie entertaining!",
20487,__label__1,"Dude, where's my movie?: I have heard that something like 1 out of every 100 scripts submitted in Hollywood actually get made into a movie. Given those odds, it is quite remarkable that the idea for this present farce went the distance.Given the title, I wasn't expecting Shakespeare. It was more out of curiousity than anything else that I gave this flick a viewing. Guess this is one time where curiousity killed the moviegoer!The movie is by the creators of Beavis & Butthead. While I've never watched B & B (thankfully) I still noticed a lot of juvenile B & B nonsense throughout the film. I'm all for slapstick comedy when it's done well, but this one looks like it was written by a bunch of 2nd graders. I'm sure the creators found it hilarious, but they must be the only ones.There were several points during this movie in which I debated whether or not to continue. If you find yourself in this same predicament, then I suggest that you NOT continue. It doesn't get better and it",ever be
20488,__label__1,"DONT COME NEAR THIS ONE WITH A 20' POLE: Dude, Where's my car? This is exactly what you'll be saying after you watch this one. very bad idea.",
20489,__label__1,"""Dude, Where's My Brain?"": I despise this movie. I really do believe my dog's life is more interesting than this. ""Dude, Where's My Car?"" makes you wish you hadn't paid a whopping two dollars to rent it and it also makes you wonder if anyone actually likes this. Dude, a tsunami crashing down on my head would've have been more fulfilling than sitting through this movie. It really needs to go away forever and never come back.",
20490,__label__1,"This movie is terrible!: After seeing this in the movies I said to my friend ""Dude, Where's My Money?"" He's like what? I am like I want it back this movie was one of the worse overacted, dramatized, fake, comedies ever!",
20491,__label__1,Dude! This is the worst movie EVER!: My feelings are stated in the title above. This is THE worst movie ever made.........ever.,
20492,__label__1,"Fans of ""10 Things I Hate About You"" Won't Be Impressed: I knew that this movie wasn't going to be like 10 Things I Hate About You, but it looked really funny. I didn't expect it to be so dumb. I thought it might be as dumb as There's Something About Mary or American Pie, but this movie was really dumb, I mean really dumb. Instead of making smarter from this movie I only grew dumber, much dumber. (...)If I hadn't been I would of enjoyed the movie one bit. Yes it is enjoyable, but just make sure your brain is turned off. If you want a teen movie that will actually get some credit from critics get 10 Things I Hate About You, if you want a movie to watch when you are lazy and bored then watch this. But if your looking for another acceptable teen comedy, you won't find it here.",
20493,__label__1,"Dude, Worst Movie Of The Decade!: My Opinion: 10 Min. into this movie, I knew I was not going to like it. Hmmm. 10 Minutes into the film... there was a dog smoking a hash pipe, two guys kissing, gratuitous male frontal nudity..etc. Well, if you have not regergitated yet, this is the movie for you! A blatant waste of time. It's sick that the makers of this film would sink so low to laugh at the film's cheap and amatuerish antics.The Short and Sweet: Two (...)(Ashton Kutcher, Sean William Scott) wake up hung-over from a wild night of partying and face reprocutions the next day.The Players: Sean William Scott, Ashton KutcherThe DVD: Not bad. Not Good. Lack Of Features and the ones that are on there are of a lackluster effort.",
20494,__label__2,"Dude, This Is A Funny Movie: Ashton Kutcher and Kristy Swanson are hot, they both have great bodies. Seann William Scott is hilarious in his role as ""Chester"" (I now think he is hot since being shirtless on the cover of ""Teen People"" the broken heart tatoo fake was great and shirtless in ""The Rundown"" it looks like he has lost weight and worked out since Dude, Where's My Car?), look for Jennifer Garner and Marla Sokolof too. This movie is one of the funniest movies I have seen in years. This movie is a no-brainer so don't think too much, just sit back and enjoy the show. A movie for us boys who like to see hot chicks.",
20495,__label__1,"No: The writer of this film should be killed, and every copy of it should be burned. This is by far the worst film I have ever forced myself to sit through, aside from The Blair Witch Project 2. It's horrible.",
20496,__label__1,"Worst comedy of the year: This has got to be the worst comedy I have seen all year. I don't recall through the whole movie laughing more than once. The plot was totally idiotic. I really don't understand why these actors do these movies, I mean don't they read the scripts? This movie is so bad that I wouldn't even recommend renting it. The only reason I watched it all was because I payed PPV for it and didn't want to waste my money. Through the entire movie you just keep waiting for it to get funny but it just never does.",
20497,__label__1,"Two Stars for a Couple of Yards: There's nothing wrong with this movie. Accept the fact that it's not a very good film.I give it two stars. There's a scene in the beginning when both boys get knocked over by old people driving cars. Old people. Driving. They can't see very well, so they knocked the kids over. There's about 1 minute of the film spent on this scene.Making fun of old people is so funny. I'm a sarcastic reviewer.",
20498,__label__1,"One star is simply two much !!!: Don't waste your time and money!! , it's not funny (but it does makes you cry , for the owfull waste ! )and the plot , well there is no plot!!! simply , don't to buy this ""film"" .",
20499,__label__1,"Just plain bad.: I usually enjoy a really stupid movie as long as it's funny. This movie was not. Although I am a fan of both Stiffler and Kelso, this really was a terrible movie. ""Shibby"" is the worst catchphase ever. The movie made me want to eat poison. The writers of this movie should be put to sleep. If you should ever come in contact with this movie, do yourself a favor and just back away slowly. And don't look it in the eyes, you'll turn to stone.",
20500,__label__1,"Dude, Where's My Car?: So, my brother, his friends and I decided one saturday night to check this film out.The previews made sure to avoid the ridiculously stupid ""aliens"" are after them plot that takes over the movie. It really isn't even about finding his car. The acting was bad, the plot was from one of the worst scripts ever made, and the only funny parts were all shown in the previews. The only reason this has received any good reviews is that almost all the people who watched it were young kids who think it is cool to like this horrible show. Do not even waste your time.If you're into stupid comedy, watch ""Bill And Ted's Excellent Adventure"".SHIBBY...",
20501,__label__1,"If only I could give zero stars...: Yes, it's dumb, but no, it's not funny.And I love lowbrow humor. Like Dumb & Dumber...I laughed my hiney off and I'm no Carey fan. I rented this movie fully expecting something very stupid, and very funny.Well...it's very stupid, I gotta give it that... Only problem is that it never really got very funny. It looked funny from the commercials, but the problem is that those scenes were the ONLY funny parts of the movie. If you saw any commercials or reviews, don't bother renting or (heaven forbid!) buying the movie. You already saw the good parts.I just wanted to poke both of these idiots in the eye after about a half hour. I watched the whole dang movie waiting for it to ""get funny""...and it never did. No matter how much I smoked, it just didn't ever get funny. And I usually like watching idiots blunder around!Just do yourself a favor and at least rent it before you buy...this isn't a good flick to buy on the assumption it's gonna be good.",
20502,__label__1,Dude wheres my money back?: This movie was terrible....even stiffler loses cool points for doing such a horrid movie....anyone who gave this 5-stars deserves to be dragged out of their house and blugeoned with a lead pipe.,
20503,__label__1,"DUDE! SWEET! DUDE ! SWEET! STUPID!: I don't think this movie was terrible, but it certainly isn't a comedy classics or even one of the best comedies to come out of the year 2000 or 2001(whenever it came out, which i'm sure most people don't really care about). It's just brain candy. One of them gets DUDE and the other gets SWEET tattooed on their backs, this has to be one of the most ridiculously dumb scenes in movie history. There are much better comedy selections out there for you somewhat intelligent folk. I can't be held responsible for the rental fee of this film, that was my husband's job . This is more of a ""dude"" movie, I guess. Unless you are just suddenly in the mood for mindless dumb comedy with alot of T&A, then this will be right up your alley. It also has that cute guy, Ashton Kutcher from That 70s show as Jesse. Chester played by Seann William Scott is best known for his role in ""Road Trip"".(another mindless comedy).",
20504,__label__1,"Dude where's the humor: Don't get me wrong. I like stupid movies, but they need to make me laugh. We all saw the previews for this, and with that you saw all of the funny parts. As a bad joke I like to tell people that this movie is great, in order to get them to see it. They all agree that this movie isn't worth the price of admission, or the time spent watching it.",
20505,__label__1,Don't Buy This Movie!: This move is about two stoned idiots who can't remember what they did the night before and the whole movie is about remembering the night before. Overall this movie was OK and the ending made it a little better. To really enjoy this movie you would have to be stoned yourself!!!,
20506,__label__2,"Dude, where's my Karma?: All I gotta say is that the first time I saw this movie I was heartbroken. My friends and I nicknamed the movie 'Dude, where's my acting career'. Then I saw it again, and I couldn't stop laughing. I decided to watch it knowing that it wasn't supposed to be a real movie. Just stupid people doing stupid things. Kinda like me.....And if you have any doubts about how great this movie is, the maybe try getting stoned and watching it. You'll know what I'm talking about. It actually makes sense if you try it that way.....",
20507,__label__1,Dude where's the funny?: This movie is not funny.Don't waste your money.I would love to give it 0 stars but apparently I have to give to give it at least one.,
20508,__label__1,"Dude wheres your car ??: Well the movie was funny'. I guess I can give it that much.Two guys wake up and can't remember the night before, there car is missing 'dude where's my car' dude where's your car?' Is the famous saying through the whole movie'. The two go back and try to recap the night before to find out that they forgot there twin girlfriends anniversaries, run into some aliens who claim the two guys have a world saving device that works under mystical powers, not to mention they have some how gotten a strippers money and all this seems to be in there missing car.The movie had its funny one-liners and the two guys are sooooooooo stupid you wonder if people like that really exist. If you are looking for a pointless movie and like one-liners A LOT see it but other wise don't waste the effort.",
20509,__label__1,"At the Mall!: I attempted to view this movie twice with equal disappointment both times. Granted, I was able to sit through the unrealistic ""Half Baked"" movie with a medium laughter scale, but this movie (which I thought was a match for Half Baked) was, indeed, not the icon it could have been. The movie's potential was lost after the first ten minutes and the ""Dude,"" ""Dude"" repetitiveness was spoken.",
20510,__label__1,"Dude, Where's my stars?: Ok, after seeing this movie, I hoped to myself that there was a way of getting those wasted hours of my life back at some point. It was a Friday night, and I figued I'll go see a movie with the boys, so they pick this film. Natually I lose the ticket, and have to buy a new one. The movie is ideal for those who like mindless slapstick humor, in fact, a group of mindless stereotypical teen girls sat next to me and made the film extra terrible with their chatter and ridiculous comments which went perfect with the film which was of the same caliber.Not a thinking film. Not much of a comedy. Interesting (...) experience on the part of the writer and producers, I bet.",
20511,__label__2,One of the dumbest movies ever made but a fun comedy: On a Friday night b4 I turned 21 a few years when I just felt like staying at home I rented this DVD and found out it's actually a funny flick. The plot revoles around two dudes trying to find their car and some other stuff. Seann William Scott steals the movie as always and he should have had top billing. Anyway just rent this flick and watch with the fellas and have some fun but be warned it's very very stuipd.,
20512,__label__1,"DUDE PLEASE: First off I want to say I can enjoy crude, mindless comedy as well as the next person but this movie is just too plain dumb, whether intentionally or not to enjoy. I chuckled a few times but was really very annoyed by the repetition in a lot of the scenes (""And Then"", Dude what's my tatto say?) Ironically I rented this because my 14 year old daughter wanted to see it and she didn't last through the movie because even she said it was too stupid. This movies target audience is 8 to 14 year old boys who probably get a big kick out of such stupidity. Unless you are in that category, skip this.",
20513,__label__1,"If you think your getting ""Dumb and Dumber"" you're NOT!: This movie had some real potential to it. But by making the central plot line a quest for some alien space gadget, it comes up lame. Definitely should've just stuck to the simpler plot line of two hung over idiots looking for their car after a night of debauchery. Not a movie I would watch over and over, thus I would not recommend buying it.",
20514,__label__1,"Dude, Where's the Exit?!!: DUDE, WHERE'S MY CAR aims at the protozoa that swim around in a puddle of sewer water...and succeeds. However, there is one hilarious scene worth watching! This is when our heroes, Jessie and Chester(Ashton Kutcher,Seann William Scott respectively) are in a chinese takeout drive-through... ""and then?""!! Well, you gotta see it because it's that funny. Otherwise, the plot(two Bill and Ted clones who wake up not having a clue of what they had done the night before, find their car missing, and then find themselves thwarting aliens who are trying to destroy the earth) is ridiculous and the main characters get annoying after awhile. Besides the chinese take-out drive-through scene, there are a lot of good lookin' babes to look at, but not much else.",
20515,__label__2,the best movie ever: this was fun. my sisters man bought it over and he said it was funny so i popped it in the vcr. this was ridiculous in a good way same as sugar and spice. i liked those hot alien chicks. this movie was funny and hip and cool. rent this instead of the make me wanna puke bring it on with kirsten dunst who is a hottie. well shibby im out dude.,
20516,__label__2,"A funny, but very silly, movie: Turn your brain off before putting it in the player, but if you like silly movies, you're probably going to love this one. This is definitely one of those movies that, assuming you didn't hate it the first time, you can watch over and over again. Personally, I laughed myself sick. The first, second, third, and yes-- fourth time.The quality of the DVD itself is fine and the usually useless ""bonus features"" actually yielded a pretty funny commentary by the actors.",
20517,__label__1,"Rent it... don't buy it: Teens will enjoy this film, especially those aged 13-17. Although the two main characters look a bit old for the type of humor they employ, the film features a few excellent taglines and, in general, is quite refreshing.But beware, this is not your usual comedy and if you are looking for a masterpiece, you will be disappointed. I would not recommend you purchase this for your library as it is unlikely you will want to watch it for the second time. On the other hand, if you have a free evening and need some relaxation, which doesn't require you to think too much, this movie might be what you are looking for.",
20518,__label__2,"Dude, it's a lama: No dude, it's an ostrich. While this movie vears off into strange territory and may not be exactly what one would expect from the trailors, it definitely has some laugh-out-loud moments. I think you definitely need to be in the right age-group to enjoy this flick, it's definitely not for anyone who's mature or doesn't remember having to struggle to find a car after a night out.",
20519,__label__1,"starts well: starts well but after he doesnt find his car the story goes in a total other direction...people from space starts to show up and everything, i say it's wack",
20520,__label__2,"""This Is FUNNY!"": Ashton Kutcher and Seann William Scott star in this hilarious comedy about two dimwitted and brainless young men who wake up one morning and can't find their car. They then go on an adventure trying to find where their vehicle is. The plot is absolutely rediculous, but this is a comedy aimed at the teenage audience who want to waste about 90 minutes of their time. The amazing thing is ""Dude, Where's My Car?"" is funny. Ashton has always been known as a great comedianne and Seanne has always been wonderful in the ""American Pie"" films, and once they come together in this movie the results are a funny and laughable flick that makes you forget all your problems. If your a gay guy you will love the car scene in which both Ashton and Seanne lock lips for REAL!The DVD features commentary by the stars, 7 extended scenes, and a music video. Subtitles are in english and french.",
20521,__label__1,Dude...wheres my money?: Unless your obsessed with Ashton Kutcher then there is no reason to see this movie. Its retarded and has no intresting plot line. There is no substance in this movie. Basically... its sucks.,
20522,__label__1,"Movies Like this Should Not be Made: I honestly don't see the appeal in this movie. I went to see it in the theater with a friend when it first came out, and I absolutely hated it. This movie is not funny. It is not even unintentionally funny because of how dumb it truly is. It is just a movie that we sbould have been spared of. I wish I could give it less than a 'zero' rating because I cannot find the words to describe my distaste for this movie. It is a horrible waste of time and money, and I'd like to have a slittle as possible to do with it. In fact, the only reason I am writing this review is to warn anybody else interested in seeing this to give it a second thought.",
20523,__label__1,"Not worth the effort it's taking to write this.: Every review here must have been written by a brain dead 14 year old. My brother recommended this movie to me (he was in 8th grade and I'm in college). I went with a friend and left after half an hour to go see ""Castaway"". THis is the only movie i have EVER walked out of. I used to think that was for pissy old parents who couldn't understand the movie. I even sat through Battlefield Earth to experience what is the worst movie of the young millenium. But this thing I could not bear to watch or listen to for it's breathtaking stupidity.Anyway when I got home I ...made (my) brother ... reimburse the 8.50 I spent on this steaming hunk of crap. Honestly if the rest of my generation finds this even remotely funny or entertaining, I worry.",
20524,__label__1,"Was This Supposed To Be Funny?: If you were looking for a good comedy to make you laugh, well this movie is not it! There were some parts that made you laugh because they were so lame and dull. It made me laugh at some ridiculous parts so that's why i gave it some credit. I suggest not to go see it but, do not take my word for it you go and waste your money :)!",
20525,__label__1,"DON'T EVER WATCH THIS MOVIE: There are only two movies that I have ever wanted to walk out on and demand my money back...Batman and Robin AND Dude Where's My Car. I rated this movie with one star, if I could assign negative numbers, I would. This movie is horrible, don't waste your time, it'll be an hour and a half of your life you will never get back!",
20526,__label__1,"Anti-comedy Matter: By the grace of God, this film is truly terrible...Not only is it devoid of any funny material (who gives these people jobs?) but it also rips off superior films such as Bill and Ted, Wayne's World. Dumb and Dumber is stupid and goofy, but at least it is funny.Some people may find this hilarious...along with genocide, disease and Freddy Got Fingered.",
20527,__label__1,"Dude, Where is the Comedy?: I am not sure why I went to see this. Dude, where is my mind?? Most likely I wanted to get away from it all, which is not much: for me it is mostly work these days. But this movie is either not funny at all, or funny only when you are very young and are not in the habit of thinking too much. The movie makes no sense, but neither is it absurd. I do not know what it is. Probably another flop.",
20528,__label__1,"Dude,Where's My Car?: Dude,Where's the movie?First off we start with a ridiculous dream sequence opening.The movie itself makes you wish you were in a dream sequence.""Calgon take this nightmare away""It's too bad,because Ashton Kutcher and Sean William Scott are pretty funny in other things they've done.All in all a very dissapointing and useless experience.So if anyone says dude watch this movie,take my advice run screaming.",
20529,__label__1,........BUT THE ENDING WAS..............PANTS!!: ITS O.K BUT THE ENDING WAS.......PANTS!! SOME JOKES WERE UNFUNNY! INFACT THERE HASN'T BEEN A DECENT TEEN FILM FLICK! WHICH DISSAPOINTS ME MOST!,
20530,__label__1,"Dude, Where's My Refund?: In the glorious tradition of ""Freddy Got Fingered"" comes another mind-numbingly dumb attempt to make a movie that is ""so stupid, it's brilliant"". This one has Ashton Kutcher and Sean William Scott doing the ""Keenan & Kel"" routine with the word ""Dude"" thrown in as much as possible for good measure. If you couldn't figure it out from the title, the plot centers around the two moronic leads trying to track down their missing car. The fact that this cliche-driven mess and its non-existent script got greenlit in Hollywood tells you that perhaps the crack epidemic in the movie industry is worse than we thought. By the way, Jennifer Garner shows up for a small role as one of the bonehead's girlfriends. For shame.",
20531,__label__1,"So Funny, I Forgot To Laugh...: This is without a doubt the most retarded movie I've ever been plagued with watching... Ashton Kutcher has the I.Q. of a steamed carrot soaked in morphine. This movie had no plot, It's like they friggin' made it up as they went along! I read a review that gave this movie FIVE STARS!!!(?) This is all they said: ""i like this movie becuase it's cool"".... Which shows how this movie was ment to appeal to stupid fifteen-year old boys who sniff glue. Ashton might be able to make a decent movie if he would pull his head out of his ass, and think of an actual plot!!! ASHTON KUTCHER IS A DUMB-ASS!!! Charlize Theron is an incredible actress, Marlon Brando (R.I.P) was a remarkable actor... Ashton Kutcher isn't fit to appear on Nickelodeon! Jesus Fxxking Christ, I hate Kutcher!! Don not buy this movie! I will cripple you if you buy this. Buy: Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back. Now that is funny.. Fxxk Kutcher.. He's an Idiot.P.S. Punk This!! [insert middle f",nger he
20532,__label__1,"story plot: This could be a good book but Gardner was not really a good writer, well for this book. He could have made the story more interesting but he did not.Some of the parts are not really interesting and very strange. Take for example, the part about two of the organisation members having a talk together, how could they not possibily not know that the British Secret service had been bugging the when the have the ability to start their operation ""WIN"" and ""LOSE""?",
20533,__label__1,"JAMES BOND LOSES: Why do most of John Gardner's James Bond novels seem like screenplays? I think that is what was always missing from his writings. Because they were similar to screenplays they read like movie scripts, not novels. It just leaves the reader so uninvolved. Detail and flavor for the settings are always noticeably absent from his Bond novels. This one is no exception. I suppose we all lose!",
20534,__label__2,"Not Totally Prog, but good Themes: I just received this cd, and ""Beat the Drum"" was recorded 2 years earlier than the Cross. It consists of much less progressive rock, but has many good themes. I miss the prog, but still is good. Pallas returned to prog with The Cross and the Crucible."" The keys and the guitars set up songs differently each song. So they aren't the consistently the same type of song. It still is good rock with a couple of unusual topics. A plus for Pallas.",
20535,__label__1,"Not at all.: Joyce is an experimenter, not an essayist.This book is ugly and boring.If you want to read good essays onliterature, art, philosophy or whatever,read Chesterton, Santayana, or Russell.Not a book to smile at.",
20536,__label__2,"Title IS misleading, but...: I agree with Nathaniel M. Thompson that this set is well worth the money. Just not as a ""Spaghetti Western Bible"". The prints are very, very good on all these films and certainly better than any releases by this company so far. Anybody expecting all Spaghetti Westerns will no doubt be disappointed but as a Hill/Spencer collection this is the best I've ever seen. And I've seen/bought a lot. I do wish they had included Spencer's ""It Can Be Done, Amigo"" in the same quality, but hey... I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for the misleading title of this set.",
20537,__label__2,"The best of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer: This set is a wonderful collection of Terence Hill's and Bud Spencer's classics.Some are them together and others their soloe films.The collection includes Nobody's the Greatest (a.k.a. A Genius two partners and a dupe.),Little Rita of the west,Renegade,All the way boy's and much more.It is the greatest set ever,filled with slapstick.",
20538,__label__1,"Should not be called Spaghetti ""Western"" - Misleading: I grew up watching the various Trinity movies and was so excited when I saw This DVD set for sale. Turns out that there are only 2 westerns out of the 10 movies on the DVD. It may not be a big deal if you are a huge Bud Spencer and Terence Hill fan but to market this as a ""Spaghetti Western Bible"" and having the guys in their traditional western garb on the cover, gives you the idea that this is a DVD set of westerns when it's not. I was very disappointed to only see two obscure westerns versus getting a nice collection of Trinity movies.",
20539,__label__1,Disappointing: No westerns here - and poor quality. Also does not contain 10 films as advertised. How do folks get away with advertising things like this?,
20540,__label__1,This Is A Rip-Off: The cover of this set specifically shows the two stars in a western together. There are no westerns with them together and 8 out of 10 of the movies are not westerns. This set is garbage and not even worth the 15 bucks it costs for the 10 movies.,
20541,__label__1,Civil War Collectors Encyclopedia: Nice vintage book but somewhat out dated. Also way overpriced. Check ebay before you buy one on Amazon.,
20542,__label__1,"No big whup: After buying it as a gift for a retired judge and law professor, I took a gander. Frankly, it's nothing you probably didn't already know, as if the title doesn't say it all. What you didn't know hits on the same old bad media cliche, just older.My friend's response was that it was a mind dulling read. Might be a good choice for someone who wants to be immersed in the currently popular I hate the press pool, but I certainly didn't get the response I had expected from one of the best read men I know.",
20543,__label__2,A book about the history of the newspapers: This book explains the history of Journalism since the beginning of the new Americas. This book is a good read to understand the history from word of mouth to the printed word.,
20544,__label__2,"Great book and great deal: I happened to see this book while on vacation; we were killing time in a beautiful atheneum in St. Johnsbury, VT waiting for the start of a movie we wanted to see down the street. Since one of our daughters is a journalist, it sounded like a great Christmas present...and Amazon had an incredible deal on a brand new copy of the book!",
20545,__label__2,"A Gem: One of the Greatest Tenors of All Time: This retrospective of Georges Thill should be snatched up by everyone who loves great singing but is unfamiliar with one of the greatest tenors France ever produced . . . indeed, one of the greatest tenors the world ever produced. Thill sings with such musicality and style that whatever he sings is filled with passion and comes across as believable.It is particularly gratifying to have examples of his Wagner roles (in French) but every cut on this album is a gem.If you love great tenor singing, I guarantee, you'll love this disc!",
20546,__label__2,"Great!: These diapers are great for active toddlers. No leaks, no rashes, no problems. Excellent diapers!",
20547,__label__1,"Book concentrates on show dogs, rather than working Kelpies: While Mr Sloan shows some nice examples of show kelpies (which are an offshoot of the actual working strain) he neglects the real reason these dogs were developed as a breed. Working Kelpies are the work force in Australia's pastoral farming system and should be given their due. By concentrating on the shorter-legged, heavier-coated and basically non-working show dogs, Mr Sloane has doen the forefathers of the Kelpie breed a serious disservice. Having stated all that, the book does contain some fine photographs of show dogs, which , if one likes such dogs, one might find useful.",
20548,__label__2,book 2 does not disappoint: Autumn:The City focuses on a new group of survivors but does check in with those we left in the first book. The addition of new characters is sometimes unwelcome but Mr. Moody seems able to make you care for every member of the surviving group whether they are pleasant or not. Anxiously awaiting book 3!,
20549,__label__2,Zombies: I've read the first two books now and planning to continue. As it started I found myself wondering how this would tie in with the last book or if it would at all. It did a good job keeping my attention enough to want to get the next book and see what will happen next,
20550,__label__1,"Just plain BORING......: If you were like me you read David Moody's first novel Autumn and were excited about the novel to follow: Autumn: The City. The book is bad I don't know where to start. Probably my biggest disappointment is in Moody's zombies. They are NOT a threat. They stumble along in almost as slowly as the pace of the book. And the book is SLLLLLLLOOOOOOWWWWWWW! The zombie threat is only in numbers. But they are NOT aggressive. Perhaps Moody is saving the good stuff for the 3rd book. I can only hope so, as I was stupid and bought books 2 and 3 together.Do yourself a favor and SKIP this one.",
20551,__label__2,"The walking Dead and the people who love them: Not the most technically sound writing in publication but very far from the worst. For zombie fans, there really is no such thing as a bad zombie story, but David Moody's work really is something special. Its not your run of the mill flesh eating frenzy type of story and that's refreshing. The Autumn novel's power resides not in their ability to disgust or in the description of violence, but in the psychological despair and utter hopelessness that would be felt by the survivors of a zombie apocalypse. Very emotional, very disturbing, utterly wonderful.",
20552,__label__2,"Great Read: I purchased this book and was glued to it until I finished it. And once I finished it, I was sad. I wish there were more. I also purchased the dvd but didn't enjoy that as much as the books. Stick to the books. If you love zombie books, you will definitely love this book. I recommend to anyone who loves zombies.",
20553,__label__2,"Top notch: This is a top notch series. It is post apocalyptic lit (dare I use that word?), not strictly zombie horror. Don't get me wrong, the zombies are horrifying, but this is less focused on detailing zombie violence than other series. This is more about characters' reactions to the zombie violence, and less about gore. So if all you want is gore and violence you won't like the parts of the story that advance the overall plot of how mankind reacts and how we survive. But if you want to know the answers to these two questions, keep reading !",
20554,__label__2,"Suspenseful & Scary, but still lacks Teeth!: This book was much, much better than ""Autumn."" This story had better character development (Altho, it still could have used more depth to the folks we're supposed to care about. But, still an improvement). And there was much less of folks sitting around talking and talking and talking about what they should be doing instead of doing something. I liked how we revisited the main characters from the first book. And the zombies were scary, except they didn't bite. Still, this was a great improvement and I'd be interested in reading the books that followed. This book had a good ending too. It was satisfying.",
20555,__label__2,"MASTERFUL WRITING 10/10: AUTUMN, THE CITY, takes us back to the City in AUTUMN and introduces us to not only new characters but explains the outbreak from their perspective. Cleverly done by MR MOODY, is the fact that this novel runs parallel to the first.The realism is still there, the believable characters and devoid of gratuitous violence that some novels seem to revel in, the psychological horror is far more realistic. Moody is fast becoming one of the genres rising stars and this novel will not disappoint.Cannot wait to read the third instalment.AutumnAutumn: PurificationDog BloodHater",
20556,__label__2,Excellent.: This CD and the composer's Music Inspired by Middle Earth rank as my favorite Arkenstone offerings. Robert's Theme alone is worth the price of the disc. Check it out. I doubt you'll be disappointed.,
20557,__label__2,"happy with the clip rings.: These clip rings come in a package of 7. It did not specify so I wasn't sure if I ordered enough at first. I really like them. They are heavy duty, they don't seem cheap or weak. They look modern yet sophisticated.",
20558,__label__1,"Review of Grasshopper Pilot: A Memoir: I have an interest in the L-4, and thought this might be interesting. I felt the book lacked military detail, and was too general in its presentation. I would have enjoyed more information about the places and events.",
20559,__label__2,"Thanks for a perfect transaction.: Another book for my summer reading enjoyment. Perfect transaction. As described, fast, well packaged and reasonable priced. Great communications.",
20560,__label__2,"Let Us Have Music for Piano, book 2: I was excited to learn there was a second Max Eckstein piano book... the first one I have played out of since childhood... as well as my daughter and niece. We are looking forward to enjoying the second one as much as we have the first one. A great selection of songs.",
20561,__label__1,"Broke in the first 3 minutes of play!: This item is really cute. The concept is great. The kids were really excited to play with it, but within the first 3 minutes of play, it was broken and went in the trash. What a waste of money!",
20562,__label__1,"Fun toy while it lasted: This is a cute toy you can use indoors. However, the first one we got broke (the fan died) within the first 30 mins we had it. We returned it and got a second one. That one was missing a screw on the battery case so I had to find one that would fit on it. It's poor quality but fun.",
20563,__label__1,"Lots of fun, but unreliable: It's fun--great to play with on hardwood or tile floor. I don't think it works on low pile carpet as it claims, but it provides good indoor fun and exercise with minimal danger to people, walls and furniture. UPDATE--I liked it so much that I bought one for my nieces and nephews, but theirs never worked. I don't think they ever bothered to attempt to return it.",
20564,__label__2,"Music Aficionado Gives 2 Thumbs Up!: Simply stated, Moby is an amazing talent. The music, instruments, mixing, and vocals are all awesome. For anyone with a good ear and appreciation of fabulous music, this CD is a must in your library.",
20565,__label__2,"Fun Find for on Old Fogey!: I had never heard of Moby. Was sitting in a seedy daquiri bar in New Orleans and heard ""Honey"". Made it a point to buy the CD after returning to my normal life in the Midwest. Love the song but love others more... Porcelain, Why does my Heart feel so Bad? This is fun stuff.",
20566,__label__2,"Music that stands on its own: Many times, I have made the mistake of buying a CD based on the singles released to the radio and MTV, only to find that the singles are the only decent tracks. Occasionally, however, I am rewarded with a gem such as Play. When I made the purchase, I had only heard the tracks Run On and Bodyrock. Was I surprised! Those two are now my fourth and fifth favorites after Everloving, Why does my Heart Feel so Bad, and Natural Blues.",
20567,__label__2,"The album is awesome, and still doesn't do Moby justice...: I have all of Moby's albums, and with the exception of the ""Everything is Wrong"" remix album, ""Play"" is my favorite. It has everything, from folk/native indian flavor (""honey,"" ""natural blues,"" & ""everloving"") to breakbeat/techno (""bodyrock"" and ""machete"") to softer love songs (""porcelain"" and ""why does my heart feel so bad"")to ambient (the majority of the last third of the album.) If you like ""play,"" I would also highly recommend the ""bodyrock"" and ""honey"" singles. I saw him in concert this past summer and it was one of the highlights of my life. His music truely touches your soul.",
20568,__label__2,"multilayered and intriguing: This is the best album I have heard in years! It has a beautiful melancholy quality, but it is also very spiritual and uplifting. I would recommend it to anyone. I am a graphic artist, and I truly believe it has helped my work to listen to this fabulous album.",
20569,__label__2,"I'm a hip-hop fan that likes Moby!: I am a hip-hop fan. I won't get into it, but if you knew of all of the other cds I own, you'd probably be very surprised that I not only own, but like this album. I would actually rate this cd 4 1/2 stars if I could. I really like the smash hits ""Southside"" and ""Natural Blues"". I also enjoy some of the slower songs on here as well. Also, even though I'm not a vegetarian or a vegan, I think that Moby has many great views about the world and is a class-act role model. The only reason I took off half a star was because since the album was so long, I just thought that there were some songs not good enough to be on the record.",
20570,__label__2,"Intelligent, fun music, what an album!: Brilliant music by a brilliant guy. He has original and remixed music that will simply blow you away. Moby is simply the most intelligent musician to come around since REM. He holds the listener spellbound with his mixes, his originals and his beat. Simply put, if you want to hear music that is not built for instant Top 40, corporately approved, or tweaked by producers and mixers simply to catch your attention on the radio, Moby is for you. Play it.",
20571,__label__2,"Sound god: This is a truly edgy, hypnotic display of techno-trip-hop grooves backspun into the eerie cosmos of sound and rhythm. Moby has a masterful gift for song crafting and this is just pure math, formless and metaphysically beautiful. In each turntable spin and moan, groan, wail, echo you can feel the earth move in the world of imagination and soul. An enriching form of melodic dreamscape. Like a neverending dream, you pray no one wakes you up from. Moby entangles you in his universe, his extreme and patient universe with the symphonies of solar systems. He's speaking the hymns of the spirit, it's up to you to listen.",
20572,__label__2,"impressive: this may be the most relaxing, soothing, calming music i have ever heard. one of the editorial reviewers said it sounded earthy, and while i dont really know exactly what that means, it sounds right. this is worth getting.",
20573,__label__2,"Moby's layers are thick: Play gives me the same 'lost' feeling when I listen to Orbit's 'Pieces'. Funny, original, loose and a bit sexystrange, fresh and almost perfect for every situation. But PLAY is a lot deeper than that. These pieces are sophisticated, unmitigated and very smart. The album often frightens me, then I turn it off and wonder when Moby looks serious.",
20574,__label__1,"MOBY = PLAYED: Come on. This should be titled ""Played."" Moby's trying to embrace techno again, but he's run out of time ... I'd rather listen to ""Go"" ten times in a row.",
20575,__label__2,"Fantastic beyond belief: I just heard them on 54th Street West they are awesome to say the least..had to have to cd. The sounds send me. The mix of hip-hop and fusion rock is not to be believed...totally to be had. My personal favorite ""Natural Blues"" brought me out. They're fresh and I'm 46 babies hear them.",
20576,__label__2,"Moby.: You'll Want to PLAY it over & over again....: Reading through Moby's collection of short essays included in the MOBY'S ""PLAY"" CD booklet, you feel Moby's perspective on mood, depth, and inner peace. Especially, the piece on MOBY'S PLAY CD Track # 3: Porcelain. Buddhists should be aware of Moby's diveristy and interest in preserving his choice of living a life in devotion to the inner spirit and awareness of himself. Moby is a vegetarian after I read through his CD's booklet, I learned what kind of person he was. His music talks to the spirit and provides a sense of inner peace. I highly recommend this album to those who are interested in thoughtful and question answering music. Moby is truly a talented individual who seeks inner peace within himself and share this music with the world. Beautiful music!",
20577,__label__1,"Eclectic mix keeps you on your feet: With Play, Moby has demonstrated in spades his musical talents by taking multiple influences and mixing them into a single album. I love the ""idea"" of what he was going for, but the product seems lacking. For some, this will be far from true. Each song is well constructed, with a good rythym that makes you want to ""play"", but the cacophany of ambient style music back to back with ""techno-rap"" doesn't work for me. Give me an album of rap or an album of ambient and I'll pick and choose; but together it feels like I've put Vivaldi and the Beastie Boys in my player and hit the shuffle button.",
20578,__label__2,"relaxing, entertaining listening: This is no hardcore techo album, but has many great tracks. Thorougly recommended for those wishing to experiment!",
20579,__label__2,Heart-Warming Masterpiece...: Heart-Warming Masterpiece...It takes some time to get used to...but this one grows on you....,
20580,__label__2,"Very very nice: I got this CD because my friend has been raving about him ever since ""I Like To Score"". So I thought since this was #1 at the Virgin Megastore, I'd check it out. I ended up like the first track, so I bought it to further listen to it. I listened to it, and it was kind of boring, until Run On came on. Run On is simply a masterpiece. One of the best songs this year. This whole album is worth it just for Run On. But Honey and Bodyrock are also very good tracks. But almost the rest of it is kind of boring, but it is still a great CD.",
20581,__label__1,"drivel: A complete waste of time and money. I bought this based on a few songs I had heard on the radio. Unfortunately, the songs I liked on the radio were not on the album. Aparently the good versions are on the b-sides and remixes. You might want to look there first.I've only been able bring myself to listen to it a handfull of times. The album has no energy, no spark. None of the songs had that ""play it again"" interest. Several of the songs were of the ""let's not go there again"" variety.I bought other albums at the same time and they are wonderful: Olive 'Trickle', BT 'Movement In Still Life' and Delerium 'Karma'. I can repeat play all day and not get sick of hearing them.",
20582,__label__1,"zZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZz: This CD is so boring! There are no good up beat trax on this cd, Buy this CD if you like for music to put you to sleep!",
20583,__label__1,Pretentious song titles. Pretentious notes. What a talent!: This album was so good everybody wanted to get it from me! I was able to sell it for 8 within three hours of buying it!,
20584,__label__1,"The most boring recording EVER!: This is, in my opinion, techno at it's best. However, because it is techno, it's AWFUL. Every track here is about twice as long as it should be, and each gets boring after the first minute. I despise techno because it's always the same thing over, and over, and over. And over. And over. The sampling just rips off other artists, and what little new musical ingenuity exists is buried so deeply in the mix that all you hear is the damn drums and the same samples replayed indefinitely. A little bit of lyrical change would be nice too, instead of ""Rock y'all, gonna stock y'all, to the beat y'all, the bodyrock y'all"" twenty seven times over. And over. And over. And over. And over.",
20585,__label__1,"simple but scary: If I didn't know any better, I would think that this album was put together in a day as an afterthought. I've always been a firm believer in simplicity, but I have also been a firm believer in talent, which in the case of Moby, is nonexistant. If become a recording ""artist"" is this easy, what the heck an I doing? ""Run On"" should of been the name of all the songs.",
20586,__label__1,"MobySignalsTheEndOfAllLifeOnEarth: This review will never see the light of day, nonetheless it must be written so that hopefully it will have a negative effect on the 4 1/2 star rating Moby's album currently has. Sadly the world is ripe for the likes of Moby. Millions upon millions of mindless, musically impaired twits, who think that DJs like Moby are actually musicians, sing (out of key) the praises of this modern adaptation of The Emperors New Clothes.His album, Play, is a testament to the depths of human suffering. Surely no man could have more accurately put to disc the sea of emotions present on Play. From boredom to depression, rage (at his inability to create new music) to madness, Moby knows pain like no other man in history.That said, Mobys ""album"" is horrible excrement that epitomizes everything that's wrong with music today. On the other hand if you enjoy repetitious samples and funky drum beats and have an inability to whistle in tune, then Play is right up you",alley.
20587,__label__1,"How the hell did this album get on the Best of 99!: It's a moderately good dance record with a couple of stand-out tracks. It's nowhere near as good or as ground-breaking as 'Everything Is Wrong'. It's sample overload. It's a unfocused. It works in places and not in others. It's 'clever'.If you're dipping a toe into the murky waters of dance music, and you want a 'safe' CD from a North American artist to play at dinner parties, buy this. It's better than Deep Forest or Vengaboys.But seriously, how is the Best of 99 list made up? Who decides? It's like a dance music equivalent of a rock list including The Eagles, The Rolling Stones and Pink Floyd. All good acts ... but not in the running any more.",
20588,__label__1,Unoriginal piece of boring work: I bought this CD by reading the comments of few of the other reviewers and to say that I am disappointed would be less. This album in no way can be classified as Techno/Electronica or be compared to Prodigy/Chemical Brothers. Also the music is hackneyed and seems to be inspired by Enigma. Moby has lot more work to do to get into the genre of Prodigy or Chemical Brothers.,
20589,__label__1,"Disappointed...: As my title suggests, I was a bit disappointed with ""Play."" Before I listened to it, I had heard so much about Moby and was expecting a treat.The one song that really delivered was ""South Side."" Simply put, it sounds great. It is catchy and upbeat and has great music. I loved this song. But the rest of the album isn't as skillfully made.Songs like ""Run On"", ""Honey"", ""Bodyrock"", and ""Natural Blues"" COULD have been great, but are weighed down by excessive repetition. Eventually, it gets to be too much, and I don't even listen to those songs. Listen to the 30 second samples of those songs...and you have it all.And then, to top it off, there are those songs that are just completely horrible. I'm not sure if ""Down Slow"" or ""Inside"" can even be called songs. They don't really seem to have any sort of structure, just a few minutes of drum machine beats and wavering background music. They are just no fun at all to listen to.Get ""South Side"" off of iTunes and leave",t at th
20590,__label__2,"Love ya Moby!: Moby music is awesome. I pity the fool who does not like it. If you don't have it, buy it!",
20591,__label__2,"Play is brilliant: Play is probably the best album I've ever heard in my life, though I admit I wasn't too happy about the song Honey when I first heard it. The brilliance falls into place when you realise that the looping vocals and the background pianos aren't done in the same studio all at once. Find My Baby is okay.Arguably the best songs on the album are Porcelain (one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard), South Side (ditto, but only for the Gwen Stefani version), Everloving (a three minute instrumental piece that blew me off), and My Weakness (which sounds like a group of children singing).Creating your own music is good, but remastering other's into a masterpiece is better.",
20592,__label__2,"finished sympathy: Moby finally achieves his potential, on Play he gathers everything he has done before together ('cept maybe the thrash) and blends it into an excellent, ecclectic chill out album. The stand out track (why does my heart...) is a perfect partner to the greatest dance tune of all time - Massive Attack's beguiling Unfinished Sympathy",
20593,__label__2,"Stalked by the Universe: His name is not Moby for nothing. Underlying the irony of ""Play"" Moby knows he is being hunted by Ahab. Like few people he agonizes between the ties of the body and the call of heaven, always trying to pull off a reconciliation. We are angels with one wing always searching, searching for that other half so we can fly. But creatures with one wing can only fly in a circle. Hence the deep melancholy in many of the cuts. Even on the cover he is trying to leave the earth but by the end of this work he stands mute on the back cover. Then again i could be wrong, what do you think JD?",
20594,__label__2,"Producers everywhere take note!!: From the point of view of a producer - this album is a masterpiece. The official amazon review (posted above) is right on the money! As for the next review - sure, fat boy slim is more top 40 oriented, but that's not the point here. Don't buy this album thinking you're going to hear a ton of radio hits - buy this album knowing you're taking home a truly superb work of musical art. (of course, it's fun to kick tha' jams on ""Bodyrock"" too!!)",
20595,__label__2,"Hey, beautiful !: Track #2 & #17 are definitely my favourites bringing manly sounds/lyrics representing the hunting for love/sensual feelings. A great piece of eclectic sounds. Buy the maxi CDs too. They contain 2 great tracks ideal for a rainy sunday afternoon in bed...",
20596,__label__2,"Incredible step forward for Moby: This album combines the cool grooves and beats of Everything Is Wrong with the trippy half of Animal Rights, and is a real evolution for Moby. Awesome!",
20597,__label__1,"Has been: This was such a great album when it came out, but maybe I just got sick of hearing the songs played over and over again in commercials. It's just not happening any more.",
20598,__label__2,"Could've Been Better: I listened to 30 second clips of every song on this CD that this website would let me and I was dissappointed because I REALLY wanted to hear that pretty song on that one car commercial. I really like that song but I don't know what it's called or anything else about ""Moby"" except that he or that band is totally warped and psycotic...Although these charateristics may seem too vile to display the overall effort put into this CD being noticible; I feel that a 5 star rating thoroughly represents the talent and foreward recognition of this wonderful band. Figuratively Speaking",
20599,__label__1,"Snooze tunes: drool continues to fall-out my mouth, for this is unoriginal, insulting to women, and the same old tires blues-rip-off, vomit-inducing flava of mtv.",
20600,__label__1,"Waste Of Money.: The only half decent song on this CD is ""South Side,"" and probably the only reason that song is half decent is because Gwen Stefani sings most of it. The other songs are just plain horrible. No excitement, no nothing. Listen to more than two minutes of this and expect to be asleep. Moby can't even sing. This CD is pure trash. I'm sorry I ever bought it.",
20601,__label__1,"not as good as all that: this album - overated? yes. Overhyped? yes. overplayed? yes.are there any redeeming features? yes. the end.short, but to the point, this album is overated tripe, worthy of nothing but burning.",
20602,__label__1,"Shame.....: It's such a pity that so many 'top' artists today have to rely so heavily on the work of others. How can sampling the work of someone else be classed as original? Once again, this is an album created more from the effort and skill of others than from any new input. Sure, it's well put together, and it does have it's moments, but sadly, they owe their origins to other artists rather than Moby.",
20603,__label__1,"Shallow...: So I finally downloaded this entire album because of all I heard about it. Yet another shining example of why I should never trust mass opinion when it comes to music. Firstly, this is not techno. If you want techno, go listen to Underworld or Juno Reactor. This is ambient / electronic with soul / R&B samples. A rather intresting idea, but it comes off as remarkably cheesy and not very catchy either.If self-help books came with musical accompinaments, this is what they would sound like. Nice non-thought provoking, non-challenging background music for the masses to lap up. Yum!",
20604,__label__1,"Fades Fast: Initial I loved this CD, but it didn't last. Soon the tracks started to grate and seem just a to predictable and calculated. Maybe I'm being unfair, I am comparing to Leftfields Leftism, which still sounds original and fresh 6 years on. Compared to them Moby is twiddling in the sandpit.",
20605,__label__1,"Drowning in the stuff: I, a techno fan, hate it. My two best friends, who are avid blues fans, hate it. The songs drag on forever. In fact, the only good thing about this album is the Bodyrock. An Moby's shiny little head.",
20606,__label__1,"Certainly does not belong in the ""techno"" section: I do not understand why Moby's music is always placed in the ""techno"" section. For those of you looking for some high energy, up-beat electronic music, this is not the CD to buy. Upon first listening to Play, I was shocked. The whole CD is incredibly bland. Most of the music has very little keyboards in it at all. Play belongs more in the R&B or even Easy Listening category than anywhere else. In addition to the mellow music, the samples thrown in everywhere are repetitive and annoying at times. If you are in the mood for something slower and different though...you may want to give Play a listen. There are a few tracks that are OK if you like Ambient/Contemporary music, but it's still not enough to warrant a purchase in my opinion.",
20607,__label__2,"THE MAN HAS ARRIVED: First of all, those who rank this album anything less than a five haven't a clue. This album teases the senses of all music genres. Full of beat, soul, and sounds, Moby has proven himself a musical genius. I cannot recall a time when so many tracks off one album (all of them if i am not mistaken) have been used for commercials and/or sountracks. Eclectic, for sure........ingenious, without a doubt. You will find yourself listening to this album, track after track after track. Without a doubt, his strongest album, and easily one of the overall best albums in the last five years.",
20608,__label__2,"OHHH LORDY! Is this CD great or what!: For those of you who have followed Moby, ROCK ON! For those of you who have just found out about him on a commercial, movie, or MTV...WELCOME to the FABULOUS world of MOBY! This man is outstanding! This CD really doesn't sound like his others... it has a lot of different styles that Moby can just throw at you when you're not looking... The Sky Is Broken touches me deep down... his voice... the words... PURE POETRY! If you're looking to give Moby a try, I recommend this CD!",
20609,__label__2,"A new take on techno music: This is one of my favorite records now. This is a new direction for techno music. It is essentially Moby's take on the blues. It samples old field recordings and jazz records and makes them into songs that only amplify the feelings expressed in the original samples. By just using one or two lines throughout a whole song, it still makes an amazing emotional impact. this is a landmark album",
20610,__label__2,"ImMOBYlized: I'll never stop thanking a friend of mine who almost chained me to the chair and forced me to listen to this astonishing cd. imMOBYlized! I just couldn't believe to my ears: past & future merged together, neither techno nor dance, this is the sound of a ""pure"" heart guided by a thoughtful mind! GREAT",
20611,__label__2,"A Defintive Album of the 90's: In an era dominated by Grunge and Hip-hop, Moby managed to create an album which will arguably be placed on the best list of the 90's. He introduced the Blues to Electronica and made it commercially trendy.",
20612,__label__2,"Yes! Moby!: I have to tell you I haven't heard one single song by moby that I did not like. Everything that this man makes always sounds great! THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T NEED MY REVIEW OR ANYONE ELSE'S, YOU JUST GO OUT AND BUY THIS CD, BECAUSE WHATEVER HAS MOBY ON IT IS DEFINITELY A WINNER!",
20613,__label__2,"Does not get old: I have had this CD for about 6-8 months. I am still listening to it. It does not get old. It may NOT be musically ingenious; it may NOT be advancing music... but it does make me happy. Let me clarify that last statement with an example:I am upset;I listen to this Cd;I am no longer upset;Very few CDs have this effect on me (Grover Washington's Winelight being the only one that surpasses it). Not ALL the tunes on here are great. But about 2/3 of them are, IMHO... and seeing that there are 18 songs, that means you get around 12 good songs. For me 12 good songs = 1 good CD.",
20614,__label__2,"shares the art in dance: I like this album especially ""Porcelain"" and ""Run On"" I have the new one too, but I have to say he's my favorite dance/rock artist out today ""Play"" is a good experience.",
20615,__label__2,"Another hit: Nothing like anything Moby has done before, it is a great album still, I highly recommend it.",
20616,__label__2,"Great Dance Album: This is a great dance album from 'Moby'. ""Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?"", ""Run On"" and ""Body Rock"" are really cool dance songs. When you listen to this top-selling album, you just want to dance! 'Play' is fantastic. 5 stars.",
20617,__label__2,"60's & 70's Rhythm Revisited: Like James Taylor, Joni Mitchell, Barry White? I'm nearly 50 and this is one of the best CD's I've heard in a long time. Wonderful driving music, ethereal melodies, sexy beat--The Sky is Broken is tops. The CD photos of Moby mask the real gifts in this album. I think it will be timeless.",
20618,__label__1,"Booorrriiinng: This is one of the most boring albums I've ever heard. I've read some of the reviews, and this is not even close to techno/trance/electronica. Not only that, but most of the album wasn't even done by Moby. It's old recycled stuff with a bassline and drum beats spliced in. It does have its redeeming songs like Porcelain, Natural Blues, and the radio-friendly, Bodyrock, but on the whole, this is NOT the album its been hyped up to be.",
20619,__label__1,"music for car commercials: i don't have this cd, but it was playing everywhere between mid-1999 and early 2001 - in stores, on tv, at work.....this is just ""pretty"" music that takes itself way too seriously. it's nothing original either.",
20620,__label__1,"who knew?: who knew that there was such a big audience for 93 style trip hop and adult lite jazz. i would recommend just about any electronic cd over this one. Hell, I would even recommend jock jams over this cd.MOBY is serious wack. he failed at his late attempt at switching to grunge rock and now hes jumped back into dance music with a seriously dated style. i gues there are a lot of people who have no clue about dance and electronic music. very dissapointing.",
20621,__label__1,"Lacks imagination and very uninspiring: I'll try to be even handed about this album. On one hand I accept it is very pleasing to the ear and has sold millions of copies. But does that make it a good album?To many people I'm sure it does, but to me it doesn't. For, in essence, all Moby has done is taken samples of old blues tracks and placed a drumloop and some piano melodies underneath, there's nothing good about that. In fact it's very, very lazy.Now I do accept he has done it very well but that doesn't change my opinion. I'm not totally against sampling, but he does it on nearly every track with no use of innovation, then what's the point? At least DJ Shadow knows how to 'use' a sample.The way Moby has shamelessly sold the rights of every track on this album, bar one, to advertisers means also you have probably heard every track already, therefore you may not need to purchase this 'recycled' album.Well of course it's upto you, but I prefer the originals!",
20622,__label__1,Moby CD: I like Moby but when I purchased this CD I listened to the songs and could not find one that I liked. It did not cost that much so I did not feel badly for purchasing it. I eventually gave it to someone that liked it. Next time I will listen to the songs on I-tunes to see if I like them.,
20623,__label__2,"Different kind of dance music and that is why I loved it!: I heard the huge hit, ""Southside"" and really enjoyed it. My wife and I picked up this CD and WOW, we were amazed and you will be too. Interesting, catchy, and fun",
20624,__label__1,"No matter what I come up with, it's still too kind...: Seriously, how can anyone like this dreck?But before I start my rantings, I must say that ""Bodyrock"" and ""Machete"" are awesome tracks. Unfortunately, in my opinion, they are the ONLY tracks worth listening to on the entire c.d.. Two tracks out of eighteen... Pretty sad average if you ask me.That is, of course, unless you like listening to old blues and gospel remixed with a techno-feel.But I do have to give credit to his label for picking ""Bodyrock"" as the first, and so far only, single to be released. Had they picked from the other anthing-but-sweet-sixteen pieces of trash, I honestly don't think that the c.d. would have sold more than 100 copys.But, to each their own.",
20625,__label__1,"Electronicrap: lets put it this way: if you want to buy the juggling alchemists under the black light, or IFO by etnica/pleiadians, you can expect to pay hundreds of dallars. probably more if you want it on vinyl, or care about condition. i just saw a mint condition IFO on vinyl up for sale for a fitting $604.00. (goa). it's not a limited edition vinyl, it's not signed, it doesn't have extra tracks, most if not all of their fans have a downloaded version of it on their harddrives, and it's not pressed from solid gold. it's just a regular old IFO album. and people will buy it for that price. they will buy it because the pleiadians/etnica are genius. no one's spending $604.00 on a moby album. at this point you may be thinking that no album is worth hundreds of dallars. if so, that's because you listen to moby, and think play is a good album.",
20626,__label__1,"Don't waste your time: I was dinning with some friends of mine when I took a liking for the track that the bartender was playing. When I inquired about them, he said it was Moby's Play Album. I bought it, it's the worse music I've purchased in a while. I'm upset that the bartender got it wrong. I read Moby's synopsis on AllMusic.com, I've got to admit that even AllMusic got him wrong. The guy's stuff is musically dead.",
20627,__label__1,CHETTIAR: at the vidarbha cricket association ground at nagpur on november 28 1997 india`s saurav ganguly became the fifty one batsman and the 57th occation in test history to join the 99 run club. He is the 6th indian to do so. Table two has the full list of the indian players . In thhe final test in Mumbai Steevve buckner who was officiatin 32 second test match has now empired in mosat matches.,
20628,__label__1,plaY: One good song on the entire album - South side with Gwen Stefani. Rest of the songs have some sort of rap guy and not much if any Moby. Waste of money,
20629,__label__1,I pity the fool: To me it is wrong morally for someone to use the work of people who have passed on in your music.the decest whose old blues vocals he samples arent able to defend there work from this evil techno machine.heres msomething original use a living persons voice for your vocals,
20630,__label__1,"An Aaron Carter RIPOFF: This guy thinks he's so clever because he ""does"" his own music. Well, machines do most of it, he just presses buttons. But ripping off Aaron Carter and Lizzy Maguire's style is downright atrocious. Stay away from this carbon copy borefest. I'm feeling cranky today. Get some original music by real, innovative musicians such as Cannibal Corpse, Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, Death, Led Zeppelin, and Tori Amos, to name but a few. Have a happy day.",
20631,__label__1,"Don''t believe the hype: Hearing wonderful reviews of Moby, I decided to check out this album myself. I was very dissapointing. To me, most of the first few tracks are unlistenable. The best song on the album, South Side, is terrific. A wonderful duet with Gwen Stefani of No Doubt, South Side can find a place in everyone's library of music.Porcelain is another good song, with a very relaxing string orchestra, and although it may not be better than South Side, it delivers very well.Don't be the album, just buy those two songs.It'll save you money and stress.",
20632,__label__1,"Noise: When I first listened to this album, I was startled to hear raspy voices and clunky piano sounds combined into what sounded like obnoxious noise. I thought, ""The whole cd can't be like this."" I was right: the rest of the songs are even worse. Moby has taken samples of gospel singing and thrown them together with syrupy, maudlin new-age sounds. The gritty texture of gospel voices does not compliment the wimpy, synethesized ""muzak"" - somehow, the ill-fitting combination makes both styles seem ludicrous. The best way to enjoy this music is from under the influence of some kind of mind-altering substance - but only if you're the type who enjoys having a bad trip.",
20633,__label__1,"mosy: this is a commercialized ambient album suited for a soundtrack. i couldn't see someone wearing headphones and having a listen to ""play"". however this lackluster sound of moby's, complements the products it provides a soundtrack to, rather well.with little phonic creativity and a lot of factory-setting sound, i suggest you do not play ""play"". press stop then eject.",
20634,__label__1,"Just another CD for a collection..: Well, I gave this CD a listen and it became just that, merely another CD in the collection. It has some interesting points but too much piano for my tastes. Personally I listen to techno to get away from conventional instruments which I find rather boring..this is great background music though!",
20635,__label__2,"An amazing play...: I think it is one of the best CDs I've ever got. It is unique, alive, real, simple, both tough and sensitive. It is amazing that all 18 songs are that good. You do not have to be just rock, jazz, funk, or whatever to listen to it. It is an experience somebody has to live ... It is primitive rythm!",
20636,__label__2,"One mans junk is another mans treasure.......: This is one of the years best and certainly the best that Moby has put out. Those that accuse Moby of ripping off blues/gospel are in one word..jealous! Sorry you nay-sayers didn't think of it first. From the opening track Moby handles each sample with reverance, surrounding each with either deeply penetrating grooves or transcendent arrangements. A deeply moving much needed reprive from electronicas same 'ol stuff. This record can make the most uptight white boy want to get funky!",
20637,__label__2,"incredible.: this cd is incredible. it's both mellow, and at times energetic. it's soulfull techno, something that's hard to find. everyone who has ever enjoyed listening to any sort of electronic music should own this cd.",
20638,__label__2,"Absolute must buy!: I recently had a spare 10.99 lying around, and with it, I managaed to stumble across THE best album this year! ""Play"" is by no doubt a varied album, and from this, he combines upbeat and sorrow at the same time, producing a soothing, mind-numbing album. Listen out for ""My Weakness,"" the sheer breath taking crescendo never fails to amaze me. Always deep, always thought provoking, ""Play"" should be a part of everyones music collection.",
20639,__label__2,Incredible: Moby takes incredible beats and mixes it with classic blues and folk vocals to create a terrific CD. One of the few CDs I can hear straight through without skipping.,
20640,__label__2,"Play this over and over...: Never cared too much for Moby, although I loved the inclusion of 'God Moving Over the Face of the Waters' at the end of the Pacino/De Niro film 'Heat'. An amazing moment in cinema history. I remember hearing snippets of this disc all over the place-way before I knew it was Moby. Finally, all the hype got to me I guess, and I bought it. I was not disappointed. This is a wonderful collage of old rustic blues samples, heavy beats, and melancholy keyboard work. I'm not sure I go quite as far as some in praising this disc, but it is mighty good. There are a few throw-away tracks for me, but on the whole it is solid and compelling. A MUST.",
20641,__label__2,"takes the R.L. Burnside approach to a poppier level: This album is a spirited blend of old blues styles with electronica. It kind of reminds me of R.L. Burnside's ""Come On In"" but where R.L. is an old blues guy incorporating technological innovations, Moby is a techno guy incorporating blues. This is not as tough as R.L.'s record but it is still a great record.",
20642,__label__2,"everything is RIGHT on this CD: This is what music means. Moby manages through (really pretty sparse) beats and samples to evoke a whole range of emotions on this excellent CD. Bought it for ""Porcelain,"" which is excellent, but other highlights include ""Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad,"" ""Natural Blues,"" ""Bodyrock,"" the very beautiful ""My Weakness,"" and I have to mention my personal amazola song, ""The Sky Is Broken,"" which is basically Moby talking ina dark, moody voice over a naked background beat that shows up once in a while to punctuate the spooky darkness that Moby creates. Sounds like it should be in an episode of the X-Files. Maybe it was and I missed it. After that, Moby basically weeps through the music on ""My Weakness"" 'S a brilliant album. Definitely reminds you that sure, you can sing along to Brittany, but real music will evoke emotions in you. In this area Moby scores bigtime.",
20643,__label__2,"Moby's Tour de Force: Moby's latest CD ""Play"" is an incredible collection of music that moves your feet, mind and heart. There's not a weak cut on the album, although a couple of the songs come in at under 2:00 long. I'm hard to please when it comes to music and this is the finest I've heard in YEARS. Buy it and love it!",
20644,__label__2,"What a great surprise!: I bought this CD without having any idea what to expect. I had never heard of Moby. I simply had read a review of the ""Best CD's of the Decade"", which cited Spin Magazine's claim that Moby's PLAY was within the top 10. Well, I felt brave. Willing to take a risk and try something different (I loved Fatboy Slim, so I figured, what the hey), I bought it. LOVED IT IMMEDIATELY. What an excellent CD. And as some other reviewers stated already, you can't put a label on Moby's style of music. I recently caught part of an HBO ""Reverb"" during which Moby made an appearance. I can only hope that he will return to Columbus for a repeat performance. He is so talented. Multi-dimensional. This CD is great for anyone who wants something a bit different. It's fun, funky, mellow, everything in between.",
20645,__label__2,"Generally, it's an exceptional CD: Moby is a genius when it comes to creating, mixing and layering sounds. Some songs on this CD exude with a ghostly nostalgia,(track 4 and track 18) echoing the kind of emotions that feel more and more surreal as they intensify. He also manages to create frantic, fast-paced beats without resorting to the kind of audial flashiness that sound like they belong at some dance club. ""Play"" is by turns soothing in it's simplicity, beguiling in it's originality, and rousing in it's sensationalism. I was really impressed with the way Moby's songs unfold in a very natural way, the noises and sounds entwine gracefully 100% of the time. You don't have to be a techno fan to appreciate this kind of music, it's pretty much a mood language that anyone can indulge in.",
20646,__label__2,"Play on!: I bought this CD because I read on this web page that this was the best selling CD and there was a lot of good reviews. I have never bought or really heard Moby before but I have read some interesting stuff about him. Right away I recognized a couple of songs. I noticed when browsing for some new techno that many people who bought the CDs I did, also bought this one. My friend told me ""its kinda slow at first so give it a listen to"". Personally I like the first few songs the best. They are worth the price of the CD. I think the end gets a little slow. Good sound on this recording - excellent production from beginning to end! Good music to get the ladys dancing. Good music to chill with your woman (like smoke some hoochy and get your groove on, ya know what I'm sayin?) then after y'all have been at it for a while, the end kinda mellows out as you smoke your last cigarette and go to sleep. I want to buy some more Moby!",
20647,__label__2,"If you like the samples that Amazon has provided, buy it!: I'm a stick-in-the-mud who doesn't stray far from my favorite genres of classical, big band, and swing, so I was reluctant to give in to my son who HOUNDED me to buy this CD after hearing ""My Weakness"" on The X-Files. Well folks, Moby's music has knocked me off my center--the music is full of tradition and innovation, blended beautifully. It feels like warm day with friends. I cannot stop playing it. Please try this CD.",
20648,__label__2,Brilliant and Hypnotic: Finally there is an artist who know's how to describe what it is like to fall in love.,
20649,__label__2,"score: this is an excellent album for anyone. its definitely a two part album, with the first half filled with the unique field holler/blues sampling, the second with slower and more emotional tracks. watch for porcelein, southside (good guitar solos), bodyrock, if things were perfect, and inside.",
20650,__label__1,"boring: This album is enough to make you want to go to sleep. With the exceptions of tracks 1,5,7, and 9 (which rock and save the album)this album just drags on and on with boring ambient techno (which is cool, but the ambient techno on this album is just a waste of Moby's talent). Moby's worst album in my opinion.",
20651,__label__1,"Disappointing: Most of the reviews I've read say that this is Moby's best album. I think that Everything is Wrong is a much more interesting and varied album. Play is too long, and the songs all tend to run together. I have never been able to listen to the whole thing, because frankly, it gets a little tedious. It's true that on the tracks like Honey, Find My Baby and Run On, where Moby samples blues and gospel vocals, the CD really picks up some steam. Unfortunately those tracks don't really represent the entire album. Check out Everything is Wrong if you're just coming to Moby's music.",
20652,__label__1,"Moby takes a great idea out back and shoots it: Is this the dullest CD of all time? I'm not sure, but it certainly is a candidate. Moby is on to a great idea -- the combination of found sound sources with beats -- but the problem is that this is well-tread ground. Many many many have been here before. Moby adds nothing to the genre. His source material is also mined from the same veins that have been used so much before. This is kind of like Fat Boy Slim -- but not as catchy.There is a great record yet to be made with this concept. This isn't it.",
20653,__label__1,"One huge R.L.BURNSIDE ripoff--the rest pretentious drivel: Another overrated record. Moby found some old blues recordings and slapped them on top of disco, probably because they are in the public domain and he doesn't have to pay any royalties. Sure he's ripping off the man, just like all the white boys of the past, and all the kids will buy it not knowing where to find the real thing. He is obviously desperate for a new direction, since this CD seems completely directionless. If you like these bogus beats, go get yourself some R.L. Burnside and treat yourself to the real thing.",
20654,__label__2,"heart music: i got this cd the day it came out...as soon as i got home i put it in...i'd heard about this cd moby was doing with alan lomax field recordings and didn't think it was that big a deal, but it still touched my soul...this was before it got big off bodyrock and i thought it was beautiful...i think the sales prove that people can have good taste after all. remember, just because it sells doesn't mean it's not good.",
20655,__label__2,"Breakthrough Album: For those who enjoy the electronica/club type music, Moby has put out an album we all can enjoy. All tracks are good-sounding, maybe not lyrically enlightening, but a good album to simply hear. Forget listening to it, but most music of this genre isn't really big on lyrics. Overall, a good purchase--worth the purchase price",
20656,__label__2,"Cannot stop listening to this brilliant CD: I buy lots and lots of CD's all year long. To be quite frank, most are a disappointment, a few good tracks (if we're lucky) and the remainder is filler. NOT THIS ONE! This could be my all-time favorite CD of the year. Get over to your listening stations and you'll hear what I mean. One listen and you can't stop. BRAVO MOBY! To everyone else, ENJOY.",
20657,__label__2,"Ambient/Techno with Soul!: Moby creates a sensual audio masterpiece with this album. The tracks herein are both groov-alicious (""Honey"") to thoroughly meditative (""Guitar, Flute, and String""), so there's a little bit of everything for anytime. With Play Moby proves that you can use synth and turntables to express desire, sorrow, and hope.This album is constantly being listed in the top 20 or 25 albums of the 1990s; there's a good reason for this, and it came out at the very end of the decade. I see it as a nice musical closure to the 90s, so don't miss it!",
20658,__label__2,"A must-have.: This is a must-have album. I bought this album for one song, and that song is ""Natural Blues"". I never really paid attention to the other tracks until I listened to it in a CD player that can't fast-forward through tracks, and let me tell you, this is AWESOME. I ended up liking most of the tracks. I'm a fan of R&B, Pop, and Rock, and this album has all of those, not to include some of the sweet sounds of ambient music (that i've just discovered with this album). Stand-out tracks: Find My Baby, Porcelain, Southside, Bodyrock, Natural Blues, Outside, and My Weakness.",
20659,__label__2,"THE BEST ALBUM OF '99: I cannot get this CD out of my player! Soulful, danceable, and often rocks as well. A complete listening experience. This is definitely the one album to own from the past year.",
20660,__label__1,"Mediocre at Best: I purchased this cd on someone's fervent recommendation, and am pretty disappointed in the very limited scope of this artist's work, as well as in the over-use of sampling. The piano flourishes are in no way clever or interesting. This is merely ho-hum dance hall stuff without any real depth. You want enlightenment? Check out ANYTHING by Orbital; they understand and employ technology and polyphony better than just about any group. Also, Moby's proselytizing in the liner notes are just so annoying!",
20661,__label__1,"disappointed in the lack of ""content"": This album is just awful. I bought it expecting something completely different, like content. It's just a series of sampling tracks, as if Fatboy Slim teamed up with the mid 90's group ""Beautiful People"" for a duets album. It has one redeeming quality...I think it would be a valuable resource for an avertising exec for commercial music. I recognized two tracks that are currently background music in TV commercials. And don't get me started on the liner notes. Moby missed their audience with my purchase. My dog liked it though, he's crunching on it now.",
20662,__label__1,"Ehhhhh...: Moby chose samples dripping with soul, and threw sterile beats around them. The work was already done for him. He didn't write a lot of this, he just arranged cute little sound collages. Yee haw. This record should come off as blasphemous, but it is just an honest, silly record.",
20663,__label__2,"Good stuff: A friend of a friend got me listening to Moby and I really enjoy ""Porcelain"", ""Why does my heart feel so bad?"" and ""Honey"" to name a few. I am just getting into his music but I think Moby is definitely worth some attention, this is my first ""electronic/techno"" whatever-you-may-call-it CD and I am liking it!",
20664,__label__2,Mody mostly to be in the histroy books some day.: I bought Mody's CD without not really know what kind of songs are on it. I just saw his music video on tv. Well this is the best CD i bougth since Fiona Apple's new one. The only thing it ran out of steam trowads the end. But finshed it was a great song. I think you should buy or use some eles' CD or Tape. So you can listen to Moby.,
20665,__label__1,"CLUMSY: I feel that this CD is seriously flawed. Mixing house techno blues jazz and gospel and etc. is only natural. They are all part of the same family of american midwestern music.unfortunately, I found mobys blend of styles to be very inneffective and clumsy.",
20666,__label__1,"For the musical children: Extremely basic, and fairly sad effort all in all. The fact that it's so popular just proves how bad pop music has become and how little people actually listen to music. Because you really listened to this album you wouldn't hear alot!Worst of all you can hear the plagerism in all the songs.But it's catchy and makes people happy so i give in minor credit.",
20667,__label__1,"Not what I was looking for: I have recently gotten into the likes of Prodigy, Chemical Brothers, and Orbital. Maybe it was my bad for not doing more research, but Play is boring to me and I hope I can help others with my taste avoid it.If you are looking for upbeat electonic stuff, (Prodigy Fat of the Land and Orbital II are my favs) stay far away from this. If you want repetitive gospel type singing laid over basic beats, knock yourself out.",
20668,__label__1,"My grandma like it...: I bought a 12 inch version of Go, years ago. I bought this last week. What a bore! But my grandma like it, she said it was 'pretty' so I guess I'll give it 2 stars for my grandma.",
20669,__label__1,Huh?: I want to know what drugs the people who are giving rave reviews are on.I have listened to just about all of Moby's songs and the only one I liked was Porcelain.The rest were boring at best.Talk about a one hit wonder!,
20670,__label__2,"Cute lil cd: I have to admit, I did not want to like Moby at first. Some girl begged me to pop it into my cd player one day when this album was still kinda fresh. I heard Moby was dorky, but I actually liked some songs from here like Porcelain, Machete, GuitarFluteString, and the last one. I thought a couple songs from Everything is Wrong were decent too. Now I heard a live rave album that I downloaded by Moby from Audio Galaxy from a few years back... NOW THAT WAS GOOD. Moby should stick to that type of stuff because otherwise his stuff all sounds the same.",
20671,__label__1,"play: after listening to this album a couple of time, I got so sick of hearing it, it not one of those albums that grows in appreciation the more u listen to it, the only half decent tracks, would b towards the end. i can just say-i',m glad i got it off a friend because it's not worth paying the money for. it blues with a facelift that didn't seem to work out too well.",
20672,__label__1,"""Everloving"" is a rip off of The Cure's ""Apart"": Hello Readers-Now I know why I was hypnotized by the sound of Moby's ""Everloving"". If you're a Cure devotee like me, you'll notice that if you sing ""Apart"" to the beat of ""Everloving"" it fits perfectly. Now I don't know if Moby had ""Apart"" in mind when he composed ""Everloving"", but it sure sounds like it. Either way it's a great instrumental w/ a tinge of new wave/gothic-just like The Cure!",
20673,__label__1,"The Most Overrated Album Of 1999: Upon getting this album I was incredibly exited because of all the good hype that I had heard. However little did I know that I was in for a horrible disappointment. This album is terrible. The only reason that people rave about it so much in my opinion is that they think that it is ""new"" and ""fresh,"" when infact it was a poorly made album by a poor artist. Moby takes old southern gospel tracks and tries to turn them into some sort of ""original techno."" Instead all he has done is take a bunch of dated songs that aren't very good to begin with and do what he does best, make them sound worse. Every Moby album that I have ever heard has been painful to my ears and Play seems to keep the tradition alive.",
20674,__label__1,"Moby's Repetitive Hand Gesture: The only track worthy of praise (and 2 stars) on this album is the ephemeral ""Porcelain."" Everything else is just remixed computer-samples spun a few hundred times too many. Put some old gospel and blues songs in a Roland washing machine and this is what you get.B o r i n g . . .You'd think someone with only one name would be more interesting. ""Play"" is an example of what happens when you sign with the big money record producers. Pop goes the weasel...",
20675,__label__1,"Just really terrible: At first I kinda liked the album although it wasn't much to listen to . After a few more listens it just fell apart . Added to this was that the feeling you had heard all the songs before and by now it had really begun to grate on your nerves . It has the feeling of one song been sped up and slowed down and there are incidental words just thrown across it every now and then without thinking of the consequences . If you are a pop loving soul , then by all means buy this album ( if you haven't got it already ). If like Eminem ( which I also don't like but I think he's got a point with Moby ) then just don't listen to this . If you are looking for some really nice ambient dance music may I suggest The Orb or Boards Of Canada . They make music with a lot more imagination than you'll hear from this pile of waste",
20676,__label__2,"nothing compares to seeing him live baby!: moby takes us by the hand through his incredible journies of exploration in every single aspect of music known. he is a very nice person and he cares about you feeling the music with him. i found this album to do more for me than i expected. ""GO"" for it! ;)",
20677,__label__2,"quite possibly the finest piece of electronic music yet...: i've only recently gotten into the electronic/digital/techno scene, and i had once bought everything is wrong on a whim. while i liked it it didn't knock me off my feet. this did. there is such a smooth blend of harmony, rythym, and heart in this album to leave you begging for more. highly reccomended.",
20678,__label__2,"truly superb mix of eclectic sounds: I won't bore you with the same ecstatic praise as all the other fans of this album. One recommendation, though. Listen to track 14 with headphones. Loud, of course.",
20679,__label__2,"Another example of sheer brilliance, I must say.: Moby truly is a musical genius. I can't deny that he's terribly influencial to the rest of the techno/dance/electronica world. After listening to Honey and Run On, I wouldn't be surprised if we hear more music like this from other artists. Play is another fine album with music similar to that of his album Everything is Wrong, one of his absolute finest. And his social comments found in the insert are always a treat to read since I couldn't agree with them more. Props to you, Moby.",
20680,__label__2,"'E's done it again.: Another unbelievably brilliant album from techno's self-professed Little Idiot. Much is being made about Moby's sampling of old-time R&B and folk recordings on this record; sure, they're fantastic pieces of work (and for me personally the most fulfilling-- ""Run On"" is just SO damn catchy), but if you're some kind of bizarre techno-purist then you've got plenty to go on with PLAY, from the fast-paced cascade of ""Machete"" to the sprawling electro-rock brothers-gonna-work-it-out fable ""South Side"". I sound like some kind of propaganda machine, but heck, maybe I am; God knows this album deserves promoting. Listen and buy.",
20681,__label__2,MOBY KICKS SO MUCH ***!!: I am a huge fan of Moby and I love this CD. It's a little different from his earlier stuff but it's amazing anyway. I don't think long time Moby fans will be disappointed at all.,
20682,__label__2,"Cool Album: After hearing this album OVER AND OVER I eventually began to like it and finally purchased it. Although some of the songs are really just mixes of other songs, the art isn't lost. There's alot of creativity to be found here. Enjoy it.",
20683,__label__2,Moby_Play: Great CD. I ordered this because my pilates instructor runs this during pilates & it is great to exercise to. Now I am completly hooked & play it all the time in the car. Very eclectic music. Was as advertised.,
20684,__label__2,"Play - by Moby: This is the album that got me hooked on Moby. I've been a fan ever since.It goes without saying, I recommend it very highly.",
20685,__label__1,"Quickly Grows Tiresome: Is there anyone else out there who gets a little sick of having the same gospel-blues sample jackhammered repeatedly into your skull while an uninteresting techno-throb bounces aimlessly behind it? Yes, I thought the album was interesting the first time I listened to it, but the novelty wears off quickly. Any CD that, during your third time listening to it, you start skipping to the next track halfway through the song because you've HEARD ENOUGH OF THE SAME THING, ALREADY, needs to get dropped off at your nearest CD trading post ASAP. For electronica that truly moves body and soul, check out UNDERWORLD, and leave the ponderous, pretentious Moby on the shelf for the next sod.",
20686,__label__1,"Lots of unrealized potential: I bought this thinking I'd like it a lot. Every review I read made it sound like the type of music I'd like to own, esp. the idea that this was groundbreaking genre bending man-machine melding music. The clips sounded good too. Unfortunately, the clips pretty much summed up the album, and when I stuck it into my stereo expecting more content than a few 30 second real audio samples could provide (which I usually get, even from albums I don't like) I was disapointed. Moby takes some good ideas and goes nowhere with them.",
20687,__label__1,"Vastly overrated: I bought this CD and was struck by how souless it is. The disk is nothing special though it has its moments, mostly in the last third of the disk. I don't understand the hype. Look elsewhere.",
20688,__label__1,"Lousy clock but terrific customer service: I bought this clock to go in our kitchen. I wanted a clock with butterflies and they are difficult to find. I paid about $30 for it and I could have gotten a better quality clock at Target for $5. The clock was poorly built,noisy,and we could see through the faceplate to underlying numbers that had nothing to do with the clock. The first clock I received stopped working after 24 hours. I emailed the company to request my money back. The owner of the company contacted us by phone and email to resolve the problem. We should have insisted on our money back but we thought the owner was being fair so we accepted the replacement. The replacement clock unsurprisingly was just as bad as the first and now we have it in our garage where we don't care if it is poor quality. I wish the company had better quality clocks since the owner was obviously concerned about making his customers happy.",
20689,__label__2,"Long Lasting Ott Lite: I received this OTT Lite around 1999 or 2000 and to this day, I haven't changed the lightbulb once and it still works! The color of the lighting is fabulous and it doesn't hurt your eyes. I would definitely recommend it to anyone seeking a really versatile lamp that is easy to use and easy on the eyes! (Not to mention the whole - it's almost lasted a decade on one bulb thing)",
20690,__label__1,"burned skin, radiation?: I have had this lamp for about 9 months now and I was happy with it until recently. I spend my time studying 4 to 5 hours at a time on week days. Lately I've noticed that my skin specially around my hands start burning when I'm doing work under the lamp. I tried placing it further away but the burn slowly built up as long as the lamp was turned on near by. Once I made this connection I immediately unplugged it and started using my old regular lamp and what do ya know, no more burning skin. It's a shame because I really liked the quality of the light, kind of like sun light. Unfortunately it seems to carry similar radiation properties because the skin burn from the lamp feels just like a skin burn from the sun. I make all of my amazon purchases based on reviews so I felt like I had an obligation to let others know. I hope this helps someone.",
20691,__label__2,"Ott-Lite let me read again: I have nothing but wonderful things to say about the Ott-Lite I purchased. I have poor vision and was having trouble reading in dim light. This little Ott-Lite changed everything. I have it sitting on my kitchen table, open it up and can read while i have breakfast again.Many years ago I had purchased an Ott-Lite for my drawing table. It, too, was amazing. I don't know why it took me so long to get one for my kitchen table. I wish all my lights in the house were Ott-Lites. I have not had to change my drawing table Ott-Lite yet and it has been years. I hope that is the case with this little Ott-Lite.I like the modern design. You just lift up the front portion to turn it on, then lower it to turn it off. It seems sturdy and nicely built. Well worth the reasonable price. I love that it can swivel, too.Ott-Lite L139AB 13-Watt VisionSaver+ High Definition Task Lamp with Swivel Base, Black",
20692,__label__1,"OttLite L139AB Task Lamp with Swivel Base in Black: The two stars are for prompt delivery and the brightness of the light respectively. Maybe I have a faulty item, it is really annoying that the lamp does not switch on quickly and smoothly each time I switched it on. The light just does not light up, not only *after* I pull out the bulb, put it back again, and witch on several times. Apart from that, the light is conducive for reading, writing and computer work; not glaring at all.",
20693,__label__1,"does NOT attach to a wall: I wanted to put some sort of full spectrum light over or beside my african grey parrot's cage. I bought this particular Ott light because it mentioned in the product description( in fact, in three places) that the lamp could be attached to a wall.It cannot be attached to a wall unless you want the light to face straight up. There is a keyhole type hole in the base of the light for a screw to attach it to the wall, but it is in the wrong place, and there is no way to change it. Wish I had known that, I would have bought some other type of light. Customer Service got back to my query right away, but said that they did not advertise using the light by attaching it to a wall. Hope they remove that part of their manufacturer's description. Otherwise, the light is bright and the fixture is good looking, it just can't be attached to a wall.",
20694,__label__2,"I may not need new glasses!: I'm back here to order another Ott desk/task lamp. Baby Boomers of a certain age may need a more natural light to see and read - at least this Boomer does! It's sturdy but lightweight, is smartly designed, and I like all the ways the lamp light can be directed. It can light up a large area or a small space. I don't know if I'll hang one on a wall, but it can easily be done. I'm obviously sold on the product.",
20695,__label__1,"no star was unavailable: So bad. How can people write a book about movie this boring. This book will be more useful as kitchen towel than reading. Stronger than any sleep aid And It says he is faculty in PSU, I'm not sure about that I check and he comes out as waged stuff? I do not know what exactly it means but isn't janitor wage stuff too? So boring book.",
20696,__label__1,"robyn luvs syd: interesting introduction to pink floyd's legendary ""missing"" founding memeber...who's most-often described in this dvd, as being ""beautiful"" yet there's not enough footage of this beautiful person, to satisfy my longing to learn more about him...but still worth seeing - if only, for the footage of robyn hitchock playing several of syd's tunes with such a heartfelt reverance that it inspired me to want to hear more from both of them!",
20697,__label__2,"Just what it ought to have been: Fantastic. Yeah, it could have been longer, and they could have included more, but just to get so many, such heartfelt interviews with Roger, David, Nick and Rick is worth it alone.Plus, they found a really wide assortment of people who knew Syd, and I found their stories really fascinating and touching - seems Syd touched everybody around him.",
20698,__label__2,"Great, but needs more music: The DVD starts out with footage from a vintage Pink Floyd concert fronted by (of course) Syd Barrett. That only lasts a few seconds, like most of the concert footage.This DVD is a documentary of the Syd Barrett years and a very entertaining one at that. It's well worth adding to your collection if you're a Floyd fan.The bonus features are interesting, but could have been much better. Concert footage (featuring entire songs, not snippets) from the early days of Floyd would have been perfect to add, and would make this DVD a 5-star masterpiece. I know there's footage of Syd & Floyd in concert performing Astronomy Domine - why not add that instead of cover versions of Barrett & Floyd songs?Oh well, it gets four stars anyhow. Very well done, despite the flaws.",
20699,__label__2,"Syd Barrett, RIP: Syd Barrett will be greatly missed. His whimsical songwriting style was unique and greatly influenced many famous musicians like David Bowie. This dvd is an essential purchase for those wishing to know about a genuis.",
20700,__label__2,"great story: This is at least the 3rd time I have read this story. I just love the way it was written What a great story of generations and how a young girls builds up her own dynasty and is rich beyond belief. Emma Harte is such a strong woman and has such a head for business and for revenge. When emma is 16 she is scorned by the Fairleys and leave her home. she is determined to get rich by her own dueings and to provide for her family. Emma marries many time unitl she find the love of her life. She also encounters a lot of hardship and death in her lifetime, but much happiness. This is a must read and the best novel she has written. there are sequels to this story line to so if you enjoy this one read the sequel voice of the heart.",
20701,__label__2,"Amazing!: I read this book 28 years ago while I was on maternity leave. I was pregnant with my first (only) child and going through a divorce. WHAT A READ!!! The story line is engrossing and the female characters are well rounded, STRONG, determined women. In fact, I gave my new born daughter Aunt Edwina's name in the hopes that she would grow up to be just as well-rounded, strong and determined. (She is!) I am now a grandmother. When my daughter was pregnant 8 years ago, I re-read it and it still had the same impact on me. I felt just as swept away by the story, the romance and the adventure, just as I had 20 years earlier. I love this book, it's characters and it's story -- just as I did then.",
20702,__label__2,a woman of substance: A book that withstands the time. It is a book of inspiration and life as we know it. A lesson we can all learn about perseverance and attaining goals.,
20703,__label__2,A Woman of Substance...Indeed: This book changed my life. I read it when I was 15 years old. I am 30 now and I still talk about it. I found the movie on DVD and was very impressed. Emma Harte gave me the strength to be something great.,
20704,__label__1,"If I could give it 0 stars, I would: I got _A Woman of Substance_ from the library, hoping it would entertain me for a day or so. It was so bad I skipped the middle half and just read the last chapter. Horribly cliched writing, unidimensional characters. I don't usually write reviews, but I was so annoyed to see the 5-star rating, I had to. Sorry!",
20705,__label__2,"woman of substance: I really enjoyed this book, the way it was written made the characters come to life as you are reading the book. Can't wait to eard the other books that follow",
20706,__label__2,"Fantastic!!: I am delighted with this purchase. I read this book like ten years ago, and loved it. It is one of my favorites. I wanted to read it over again, and I now have it brand new thanks to you and for less than $10. I am enjoying my book again. Thanks again.",
20707,__label__2,"perfect characterization: In Barbara Taylor Bradford's novel, ""A Woman of Substance"", the theme is that people must work hard for what they want in life is clearly shown. Emma Harte, a very poor little girl goes through many hard times before she ends up being one of the richest and strongest women to live. Bradford develops this moving story through the use of setting, conflict, and characterization to create the powerful theme."" A Woman of Substances"" portrays how hard it's for the poor people to have a mellow life. Barbara Taylor B. describes this big problem in life with Emma Harte the main character of the novel. Bradford uses conflict throughout the story to show how capable Harte was of solving all of these difficulties. Through Emma, Bradford let's people know that no matter what the situation is, you can't give up.",
20708,__label__2,"A Gift Book for the Spiritual Journey: This small format, hard cover gift book is a treasure. In 99 pages, we read a variety of quotations from Mother Teresa. Recurring themes include nature, prayer, and love. We learn that the attention she got from the media was a burden to her, endured willingly because publicity for her work drew attention to the poor. She found speaking in public torture, saying it was easier for her to bathe a leper than to answer a journalist's questions.The content of these brief passages is complemented by Mother Teresa's gift for language, for example, ""I am only God's pencil, one that he uses to sketch whatever he wants,"" and ""love's garment has a hem that reaches into the dust, and brushes it away."" Every page has a message with the power to inspire.",
20709,__label__1,"Lots of superficial information which should include more.: Lots of names in this book, most I have no clue who they are. Tony Williams? Rolf Bjorling? Stephen Burks? I think another column explaining who these people are would wrap this book up nicely. Also, too many empty or generic causes of death. A little research would fill in these blanks (death cirtificates are public information).",
20710,__label__2,Excellent: Prompt Delivery. Correct parts. You can't do business with a better company. Hats off! I will definitely buy more products from this company.,
20711,__label__2,Purchased Minn Kota MKP 3 prop from amazon.com.: The prop was exactly what I asked for and was delivered when they said it would be.,
20712,__label__1,"Motives for Writing: I purchased this item on August 15, 2010 and it has not arrived. My daughter's college class ends October 8th, so I'm pretty certain at this point she will not receive the book in time.",
20713,__label__1,Disappointed...: I bought this for my 14 month old son who loves to pretend he is driving. This toy seems way too babyish for him. The suction cup on the bottom loses grip 5 seconds after being secured. It has made it to the bottom of the toy box already. Get something else!,
20714,__label__2,"such a sweet product: this product is amazing, starting with the silent 120mm fan pushing air through the psu helps to cool the case, and the thought that was put into this psu, there is a little gromit around the opening where the wires come out of the psu, all the wires have protective sheaths, the connectors are top notch, and on top of it all install is very very simple, and the amount of wire connectors gives you the option of how you want to run the wires... and the option to ungrade.. or add more components... as well power levels are rock stable.. no dips. this will be the last psu you will ever need to buy",
20715,__label__1,"DOA: Well I bought this PSU long time ago but I forget to write a reviewThis PSU came DOA at the same time that mobo, both I purchased here on AmazonThe PSU never turn on, so I cant' talk so much about it OCZ has good quality on PSU's but sometimes the quality it's just relativeBut thanks to the Customer Supoort of Amazon they help me, so thanks so much to Amazon Support 1000/10",
20716,__label__1,"Died in 2 Weeks: 1st: You are very lucky if you ever see the rebate from OCZ.2nd: Burning smell after install, totally quit after 2 weeks.",
20717,__label__1,"Good while it lasted: I installed this power supply in late November, early December of 2009. In August of 2010 it completely died on me.My PC setup includes a Radeon 4870, 4 fans, 4 HDs, and a DVD drive. I would not recommend buying the SXS600 if you have a similar GPU because I'm pretty certain that's what killed it. Fortunately, there's an excellent selection of new cards that aren't as power hungry as the 4870. Any of the 5XXX series should be fine (or earlier cards, certainly!)Anyway, that being said it's a decent PSU with everything you'd want for connecting peripherals, but it's something of a gamble from what I can tell. There's lots of reports of these power supplies dying, so if you can afford a better one by all means please do so.The saving grace in all this is OCZ received my RMA'd power supply and dropped another in the mail the same day, so kudos for excellent customer service and a very generous warranty.",
20718,__label__1,"Bad PSU....: Pretty good PSU, cables are shorter than my previous GameXstream, which is good thing for me because it was really hard to fit those cable on my Antec P180. so far it works pretty goodUpdate: After 2 or 3 months this PSU just died on me for no apparent reason, I was downloading some stuff and set the computer to turn off when its over. When i got back home and tried the turn on my computer it just didn't had to buy another PSU. This is the second OCZ PSU that died on me in less than 6 months. I bought a Thermaltake this time, so far so good.",
20719,__label__1,"great, but lasted less than a year: this is my first psu, i needed it for an ati 4830this is my setup>ati 4830 saphirecore2duo e2180 oc to 2.52gb ramasrock mobo wolfdale 13332 hard drives1 dvd burneris really silent, a lots of cables, they even have names for dummies like me, nice fan for heat, i read on a review this psu can work just the same as the 750w model, also it looks great and badasson the bad side, is really heavy, in my case that made the sending to venezuela a little too expensive------------editafter 10 months it died, just sounded puff and died, that is lame, nothing is burned but still doesn't worki hopped for a brand psu to last at leas 5 years, but i lost the money",
20720,__label__2,"One Hell of a Ride: I recently purchased this CD and let me tell you one thing, Tommy Castro is one great guitar player. Lucky in Love is bound to have you going 80 in a matter of no time. This is one of my first true blues CD's that I have ever owned. Tommy Castro gives all his energy into this CD. He also has one hell of a voice, and when the sax gets played with it, you can feel the soul and power that he has. Every song on here, is worth giving a listen to. I'll tell you one thing, this is definitely worth your money!!",
20721,__label__2,"It's groovin, it's blues and it's great: Hey all, don't listen to that first *one star* case of mistaken identity. Tommy Castro is the REAL DEAL, one of the hottest performers anywhere in today's BluesWorld. Sure, he may not be the songwriter of your dreams, he might not be the guitar slinger that keeps young boys awake at night... but he is the total package that hooks you solid, sinks his passionate blues blend hook smack dab into your soul while makin' your body wiggle and toes a-tappin' all night long. See him live and you'll know what us TCer's already know - he's one of the funkiest, tightest and hip blues/soul/funksters around. That's it, buy everything he has out (they're all great) and hit the highway with the volume control maxed out.",
20722,__label__2,"Electrifying!: This cd should bring The Tommy Castro Band all the recognition they deserve. This band is the future of Blues. My personal favorites are ""Like an angel"", ""Chairman of the board"" and ""Just a Man"". Tommys crisp guitar and vocals on ""right as rain"" are outstanding",
20723,__label__1,"Absolutely terrible: This album is filled with some of the worst song writing I've heard in years. It somehow looses all its rythum after getting started, and sounds like a pop singer trying to find what the blues are. Just when you think Castro is about to get started and play some guitar rifs, he doesn't hesitate to disapoint you! How dare anyone compare this guy with Robert Cray!!! Save your money, wouldn't recommend this klunker to anyone.",
20724,__label__1,"Absolutely terrible: This album is filled with some of the worst song writing I've heard in years. It somehow looses all its rythum after getting started, and sounds like a pop singer trying to find what the blues are. Just when you think Castro is about to get started and play some guitar rifs, he doesn't hesitate to disapoint you! Save your money, wouldn't recommend this klunker to anyone.",
20725,__label__1,"Ghastly: If you have any interest in and concern for the written word in extended texts then this book is not for you: 95% of these designers seem to actively loathe it. It already looks out of date; grossly impoverished intellectually, this arty rubbish is of a piece with the poverty of contemporary trade book production.",
20726,__label__1,"I hate this game!: This is the worst racing game I have ever played!Here's why: 1. awful graphcs(the game looks like a sega saturn racing game!) 2. a lot of pop up( things just seem to pop up in front of you, and it is distracting! 3. the load times are so long that I started to get very upset. 4. you barely have any control over your car!There are a lot more reasons why this game is bad, but I returned it on the second day, so I didn't see anymore. the people who made this game obviously have no idea what they're doing, and probably don't know that DREAMCAST IS A 128 BIT SYSTEM, IS SUPPOSED TO HAVE VERY LITTLE LOAD TIME, AND NO POP UP! Don't buy it!",
20727,__label__1,"This game is bad: I bought it thinking it would be a great game, not knowing Titus' lousy reputation. When i got it home and started playing it i was supprised at how bad it was. How bad? Only some of the cars are licensed, and all the other ones are real cars but the physics are way off. No damage, and when you ram into another car, that car doesn't slow down' you just bounce of. When you hit a tree, the tree bounces of the ground and disapears. What really stumped me was how on the back of the game CD, there is a picture of a Porsche Boxter and a Shelby Cobra racing. Well guess what! Niether one of those cars are available in the game! The worst part is the graphics. You'd be better off with Mario Cart for Super NES for good graphics! Do not buy this game! I bought it, and i traded it in for Test Drive 6. If you already bought it, I suggest you do the same thing.",
20728,__label__1,"Could Be Better: The game was almost unfinished, like they had to get it out by a certain deadline. For instance the two cars on the back of the cd case aren't in the game. The steering is practically impossible without the steering wheel thing that comes seperately for like ... I suggest you don't waste your time and money on this game.",
20729,__label__1,"Roadster Trophy: I have a Dreamcast hooked to my computer monitor via the VGA adapter. This game does not support this adapter, so I can't play it. It's a new game, so you would think they would support this display, but alas, they do not. :(So, 1 star, since they don't offer good graphics support.",
20730,__label__1,"Avoid this game at all costs.: ... Roadsters is by far the worst gameavailable for the Dreamcast. Potential buyers beware, the cover artis the only thing this game has going for it.The graphics and sound are terrible, but what really irritates me is the pathetic play action. It's almost like trying to play a video game that's on demo mode. You have minimal control at best. Nasty stuff. Don't even rent it.Crazy Taxi and Speed Devils are much better driving games for the Dreamcast, buy those instead of Roadsters.",
20731,__label__1,"Not much to offer: Roadsters has poor control, and the graphics dont push the Dreamcast. It has a pretty good concept, but everything else is bad.Buy a game like Metropolis Street Racer, Tokyo Xtreme Racer, or one of the Crazy Taxi's instead of this.",
20732,__label__1,"could be better: This game is alright. The turning is practically impossible using a controller. I suggest getting the steering wheel hook up thing. The boards are cool and the cars are better, but the gameplay is pretty difficult.",
20733,__label__1,"Dissapointing: Yes I like racers, and I love my Dreamcast. However I am very underwhelmed with this title. The graphics are sub par for a DC title. The car handling is pretty spotty, nowhere near Sega Rally 2. Yes there are some neat jumps/shortcuts and weather effects, but that has already been done on Speed Devils, which was released months ago and is far better than this title. The ""attitude"" of each driver is only a couple of highly annoying and VERY repetive 3 word phrases. Nothing special here.Why did I buy it? - well I was hoping for decent 4 player racing. I tried it out, and it is no good. You just cannot see the track ahead in the tiny window, so it is too frustrating to race. Revolt is a much better 4 player racer despite the tricky handling.Overall this is not a recommended game. It has some redeeming points, but is not as good as the other racers released months ago.",
20734,__label__1,Kinda dated: This DVD set is geared towards older high school students or college students wanting a review. It moves quickly through a lot of excellent information. It would be good for an individual review where frequent pausing is possible. It is also dated. It doesn't mention the Bush/Gore election in its examples of a candidate winning the popular vote but not the electoral college vote. It also uses Geralidine Ferraro as its only example of a woman running for an executive office. And there's no mention of any minority candidates.,
20735,__label__2,"Very useful review!: I got this for my GED/high school students to review their history in preparation for the social studies exam. This is really great! It is set in a very easy to follow format and keeps the attention of the teenagers. The quizzes at the end of each lesson are an excellent interactive tool. Yes, it is dated, but the information is accurate and to the point.",
20736,__label__2,"TNA Lockdown 2009 review: The 5 way Xscape match for the X Division title was a high-flying showstealer and the same goes for the 3 way Tornado match for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team titles. The Queen Of The Cage match was a smash-mouth brawl and the same goes for the 3 way Women's title match. The Matt Morgan-Abyss-Doomsday Chamber of Blood match was a bloody,hard-hitting brawl. The Team 3D-Beer Money Inc-Philadelphia Streetfight for the TNA & IWGP World Tag Team titles was a smash-mouth,hard-hitting,out-of-control,brawl and the same goes for The Lethal Lockdown match. The Mick Foley-Sting-World title match was not great but pretty good and even a good reminder of a ECW match back in the 1990's. I give this PPV a 8 out of 10.",
20737,__label__2,"Plantronics OEM order: Received order in a timely fashion, pleased with the product andhow easily we could obtain it.",
20738,__label__2,plantronics Bluetooth 665 charger: This charger is great for times when you don't have access to your computer. I would highly recommend it for those who travel frequently.,
20739,__label__1,"Didn't care for this headset...: Unfortunately I have to buy a new bluetooth headset every couple of months or so because I lose them all the time. This one was no different because I lost it too, a few weeks ago, and replaced it with the Samsung WEP475 Bluetooth Headset which I like much better. Quite honestly, I've had a few Plantronics headsets in my time and I never really cared for any of them.",
20740,__label__1,"Maybe you can do better.: I have never purchased this product before. I think that it would be well worth your paying a little more for a better ear-bud. Only had for a few weeks and it stopped working. Also while it was on it blocked outgoing calls. If the bud was on after I made call,it dropped the call. The company is sending me another one,But next time I will spend a little more and get something different.",
20741,__label__1,Poor Connection: Charger connection to bluetooth is poor. It does not connect well and sometimes looses connection which causes poor charge performance.,
20742,__label__1,"No so good battery life....dear!!!!!!: Hey,This product has excellent voice quality, but battery life....simply sucksssssssssssss.......so be carefull while buying,...I goona buy new one too./..",
20743,__label__2,Plantronics Charger: Great product; does the job. Inexpensive. Great shipping. Would order from this vendor again.,
20744,__label__1,Horrible Shipping Habits!: Item was thrown in the box without any packaging arrived scuffed up and looking used.,
20745,__label__1,"Would give it less than one star if I could: This phone is a piece of junk. I have usually been very happy with Sony products and this phone was excellent out of the box, but now 5 months later it is falling apart.The caller ID has ceased to work, the display is going out, and the answering machine gets worse and worse.Very disappointed in Sony on this one.",
20746,__label__1,"Always searches for channels: Has a nice feature set, but beware. Like the other reviewers, my phone sporadically and frequently goes into channel search mode, which breaks up phone conversations. Intolerable. I've had cheaper cordless phones by other manufacturers that were completely reliable (e.g., Toshiba). In fact, this was my first disappointment with cordless phones.",
20747,__label__1,"Piece of ...: This phone is a piece of .... It beeps at people when you're on the phone, which causes a moment of silence. The battery is terrible! You can't talk on the phone for more than 20 minutes before the phone dies, even if it's been charged for 2 days. Do not buy this phone; you will be very disappointed.",
20748,__label__1,"jog dial runs away: I bought this phone quite a while ago. It was great at first, but now the jog dial has just gone crazy. The slightest touch causes it to jump wildly (or not move at all), rendering it close to useless. I rarely get channel searching or static as some others have mentioned.",
20749,__label__2,"Quality Product: I've had great luck with a Panasonic and decent luck with a Uniden, but based on bad reviews, I went with the Sony. I've had it about 1 month and it's working great. Caller ID works fine, clear calls, and you can understand messages on the answering machine. I would like to be able to have the names that I enter for cell numbers, etc. appear instead of just the callers' number with the state. The price was also a bit steep, but all in all, I'm very satisfied.",
20750,__label__1,"People Can't Hear Us!: I have never had more people complain that they cannot hear us than with this phone! The sound quality is horrible. Whenever I call home I have to tell my husband to speak up until he's practically shouting. The same is true for incoming calls. I can't say that I hear static, and I'm not aware of the channels changing. People voices are just muffled, like they're talking through a wall. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, the caller ID has some quirks, and doesn't always show a new call. The answering machine also cuts out frequently. There are many features with the caller ID and number storage, but they are not very user friendly. Overall, this is the worst phone I've ever had.",
20751,__label__1,"A phone that rots: Very similar experience to most other reviewers here. It started out great, with some ""fuzz"" on the receiver's sound but still clear and audible. I used it happily for many hours of teleconferencing. Now it mysteriously drops out frequently, the voice quality has degraded, and the battery runs out too quickly. We've only had it for 6 months or so, and it is too soon for it to be ... out like this. I would give it a chance and buy a new battery, but from the other reviews here it sounds futile.",
20752,__label__1,"Not a good phone: This phone didn't meet our expectations. We used it in the kitchen for a long time, and found that it is very hard to get clean, even with normal cleaning fluids.Battery life is an issue for this phone. Two new batteries lasted 9 months before they wouldn't hold a charge.When power goes out, there is no electronic memory for time, so when we have a power outage, which is frequent, we have to reset the clock. The outgoing message doesn't erase, so why not the clock???There is no speakerphone capability either.",
20753,__label__1,"poor sound, quality: Bought this phone several years ago; should have returned it at once. Sound quality is poor and by about a year later, the LCD display began flaking out. The display and the selector wheel are now both useless. Battery has already been replaced twice and is dead again.",
20754,__label__1,"Junk: I have the exact same problem one of the other reviewers noted. The phone will just die out in the middle of a conversation. The only way to keep talking is to run over to the base and move the phone by the antenna. What's the point? Calls to Sony provided absolutely no help. When the phone works, it's cool, except the quality on the recorder is pretty bad. I'm out here looking for another phone to replace this one. I love Sony products (I've got TV, DVD, VCR, TIVO, Receiver, etc,) but I will never buy a Sony cordless again. I'm not the only one, either. Everyone I know that has had one has been disappointed. I guess they can't be great at everything!",
20755,__label__1,"A Very Poor Product: This is a very poor phone and answering machine combo. Friends complain bitterly about the sound quality of the outgoing message. The sound quality of the phone is also substandard when compared to Panasonic & AT&T models. Finally, the incoming messages are almost incomprehensible. I own a SONY DAT machine and a television with which I am happy. But I have had consistent bad luck with SONY's other consumer electronics and I have recently learned of others who have had similar complaints with this phone. Don't buy this product.",
20756,__label__1,"Don't waste your money!: I loved this phone at first, even though the sound quality was poor on the answering machine, both incoming and outgoing. Sometimes I couldn't even understand what the caller said the sound was so muffled. Running a business from home, this was unacceptable. But I was willing to live with it because of the investment and I loved the handset caller ID and the directory that was very handy in the handset. Now, however, approx. 9 months after purchase, it constantly does this ""channel searching"" while I'm talking, and it mutes what I'm saying and what I'm hearing until it ""finds"" a channel, even though there was no need for the ""channel searching"" because the connection was good. There is no way to turn this feature off. I even bought a new battery hoping that would solve the problem but it did not. Now the LED readout on the handset is blank sometimes. In short, DONT waste your money on this. What a disappointment from Sony.",
20757,__label__1,"Sony SPP-A973 Not Up To Par: I've been a loyal Sony fan for many years which is why I bought the phone. Owning the phone for just over six months, there is some static while talking and occassionally cuts off. Although I have returned the phone to the Sony authorized dealer, they replaced the battery and gave the phone a thorough check. There was no improvement noted. I would pass on this Sony product.",
20758,__label__2,"I like em...: I personally like these wipes, I use the fragrance free ones and my 7 month old son who has sensitive skin has not had diaper rash yet. So, in my opinion they do a great job. They leave baby buns with a layer of 'lotion' that I think helps prevent diaper rash. They are a little bit more money, but I think they are worth it. With coupons and sales I get them for around .02 per wipe and will keep buying them.",
20759,__label__1,"This is too expensive...: The retail price in local stores is 2.99, and you can get it in even cheaper price when it is on sale",
20760,__label__2,"So many uses: This are great for so many things and I try to get a travel pack in the car.Small spillsSticky messes on little fingersDiaper changingSticky messes where little hands have beenWiping a table at a fast food restaurantCleaning up after ""accidents""There are many more uses for these and it's a good idea to always have an extra pack on hand.",
20761,__label__2,"Kirov Sleeping Beauty (1964): Sizova and Soloviev, as well as Valery Panov as the Bluebird are wonderful. It's definitely worth buying, but many of the most famous dances have been shortened considerably in this video.",
20762,__label__2,"A must-read for effective writers: In one of the better courses I ever took in college, taught by Eberly, this text provided a solid foundation for understanding the nature of arguments, and how to pose them effectively in public discourses. Eberly is a master at encouraging stimulating conversation in the classroom, and her revisions to Corbett's elite style will cause relief for the student reader. Forming the perfect argument, especially when it is designed for the proto-public space, is a necessary skill, and this text will provide the user with ample guidance in persuasive reasoning.",
20763,__label__2,"A New Favorite: I have owned Warrior of the Heart for many years and hoped the artist had more CD's. I told myself not to expect to much but when I recieved and listened to this I was so pleased! Like Warrior of the Heart, each track is superb. I'm so happy to have taken a chance on this, fantastic!",
20764,__label__1,DISSAPOINTING: I have a Farberware clad stainless 4 quart pan made in Italy. It is a beauty. I was expecting similar quality with the stainless copper clad. It was light weight. The core did not go up the side of the pan. I was dissapointed to say the least.,
20765,__label__2,"Farberware Millennium Stainless Copper Clad 2-QT Dbl Boiler: The wife is beside herself...even cooking, easy clean up, beautiful appearance...what else can I say...Excellent Product!!!",
20766,__label__2,"Quality Control: This is one good mvie, definately worth the watch and the buy. The comedy flick based on 3 bored-out-of-their-mind trapped office blokes try to out smart the company failing yet managing to escape by luck. Deffinetly have to watch this movie.",
20767,__label__2,"A must for anybody who ever gets frustrated at work: This movie is THE movie to watch for anybody who ever gets frustrated at work. At stupid bosses or needless paperwork or silly policies or stupid fax machines that break down all the time. You don't even have to work in a cubicle to enjoy the humor. You will laugh your head off anyway. This movie has become a cult classic. I can't beleive how many people at my job will quote scenes from the movie.I first saw ""Office Space"" on a pay channel a few years ago and I kept thinking about different parts of the movie long after I had seen it. Then recently I realized that I needed to buy it and add it to my collection because it is the kind of movie to watch over and over again.And if you have a particularly bad day at work, it's fun to put in the DVD and play the ending credits that features a hip-hop version of ""Take this job and shove it."" Then you can dance around the living room and I guarantee your bad work day will fade to",just a
20768,__label__1,"NOT REALLY WIDESCREEN: Do not buy this DVD if you are an aspect ratio purist. I believe this is one of those tragic cases where the FULLSCREEN version was cropped to create a fake widescreen version (as was done with Terminator 3) . You are getting a twice cropped film here, and thus, much less picture than the already cropped fullscreen version.This ""widescreen"" version has chopped off heads in every shot and in a couple of scenes the characters are chopped off from left to right. NOT WHAT THE DIRECTOR FILMED.The news is that Office Space Special Edition is due out in late 2005. Wait for it....HOPEFULLY it will be in the true theatrical release aspect ratio.",
20769,__label__2,Offic Space with FLAIR: I love this pre 21st century movie. The CD came in good condition which is all one can ask for in a product that one has already watched several times before. Good stuff.,
20770,__label__2,Good movie: I haven't seen this movie since I was young. I think high school years. I watched it yesterday for the first time in year's and I remembered it being a little bit more funny and fun to watch. Still was a good movie though. I like the guy who is always being moved around and just wants his red stapler.,
20771,__label__2,"Corporate Culture Comedy Classic!: This is a hilarious spoof of work in corporate hell! Anyone that has worked in an office environment in their lifetime will instantly relate to the frustration of the lead characters. An excellent performance by a mostly unknown cast. This movie had me (and others) in stitches throughout! A comedy classic for the 90's, this is at the top of my all-time funniest movies list! Don't even think twice, buy it, you will want to watch this one over and over again!",
20772,__label__2,"""Ye-aahh,we're going to have to ask you to move your desk.."": I trust you've all read your memos concerning the new TPS cover sheets! Sure to acheive cult status - like ""The Big Lebowski"" - this is a pleasantly funny film whose skewering of all things office-related just seems to get better with each viewing. Too many great bits -you'll be repeating many of them amongst yourselves- to list. Let down only by a rather abrupt and all too pat ending, it's good-natured satire nevertheless projects an underlying bleakness that underscores its relevance.I mean who can't relate to the scene where the sublimely hypnotically indiferent Livingston is promoted to management!",
20773,__label__1,"Movie is good - this gift set is not: The movie is great; this review is not about the movie, about the gift set.The stapler, mug and other ""gifts"" in this set are worthless, do not even look like those in the movie. Avoid disapontment, just get a DVD.",
20774,__label__2,"A movie for cubicle lemmings everywhere: How much we like a movie often depends on how closely we can relate it to our own lives or how far it allows us to escape from our own lives. Office Space is that rare movie that meets both these needs. Everyone who has worked in an office will relate to someone in the movie. This brilliantly low-key and low-budget film manages to mock life as a corporation myrmidon in America in just about every possible way.Have you been downsized? You'll love Office Space for its brilliant take on consultants. Have you lived in Dallas, Texas, the capital city of Generica? You'll love Office Space for its acerbic portrayal of life as an apartment rat. Have you been the pawn of intraoffice political power struggles? You'll love Office Space for the character Milton played by Stephen Root.The only people who won't love Office Space are those with IQs in the sub-100 range and corporate vice presidents. Sorry Lundbergh but I accidentally wiped my butt",ith the
20775,__label__2,"Couldn't stop laughing!!!: I love this movie! I worked at a video store during college, and I reccomended this to all kinds of people. It was one of the few movies that everyone could find something to laugh at while watching it. Peter is an average Joe who hates almost everything about his average office job. When his hyptomism goes wrong, he stops caring, and surprisingly does better at work. When his two friends are laid off the three hatch a plan to get some money out of the company, but nothing works out as planned.",
20776,__label__2,"officeparty: This movie rocks. Anybody who has a job should find it funny. Especially if you HATE your job. lol. Everytime I watch it, I find more things to laugh about. The characters work so well together and remind me so much of people that I know in my own life.",
20777,__label__1,office space: love the movie but the copy we received did not play well. there were several skips dont buy it used just buy it new.,
20778,__label__2,"I could burn the building down....: Milton is the funniest movie character in years. Office Space is a pure example of comedic genius. The acting and story line take back stage to outrageous laughs and gags that never fail to deliver.It's honestly the most unreal story in the world, but it's a way that the common man can live vicariously through the actors. Who hasn't wanted to really just sluff off at work? Who hasn't felt underappreciated? Who hasn't thought that the office itself would fall apart if they left?One word of caution to take from this, however. Don't steal your co-worker's stapler!",
20779,__label__2,"I love this movie: This is my favorite movie EVER.. if you've ever thought ""man i'd just like to do nothing, and not go to work""(Which is everyone) you will LOVE this movie!! I watch it like once a week. and have for the past 5 years!It's so funny!!",
20780,__label__2,"funniest movie i have ever seen... my favorite comedy: this is by far the best comedy ever created. i wtch it at least twice a week... at least. look, as everyone said, the movie is extremely quotable, hilaroius sand real,. etc. but please guys, dont make reviiews giving away all of the bloody funny spots. you'll ruin it! for ur own good, do notlook a the review made on nov. 21 titled mike judge kin of comedy, its horrible, its a movie critic gone to giving away secrets... peace",
20781,__label__2,"Hilarious!: I believe this movie started off as a 2 minute cartoon skit on Saturday Night Live, but that can't compare to the laughs that this movie will bring you. You'll want to get this movie, believe me... But instead of getting this movie, you may want to consider getting the limited edition collecters disc as it's loaded with extras!!",
20782,__label__2,"as good as the first time.: this movie is an absolute classic and holds up to repeated viewings.I would have liked more extra features but all in all a great film and probably the first one to show Jennifer Aniston's fine touch with comedy - a dry wit that had rarely been seen prior to this film. For those who aren't crazy about her, this is the film to make you love her.",
20783,__label__2,"Um Yeeah, If you Could Just Read This, That would be Great, OK.: If you haven't seen this you are a bigger dork than Milton; If you gave it anything but 5 stars, you are stupider than Lumburg. This is one of the best movies out there. Don't watch it for some deep plot, or complex storyline. Just watch it and enjoy the characters and dialogue.",
20784,__label__2,Video purchase: Like the movie so I bought it. Received the dvd in great condition. Was very satisfied.,
20785,__label__2,"I will set the building on fireif you don't give me my stapler...: This movie is absolutely incredible. Stephen Root makes this movie a classic with his ""I will set the building on fire"" lines. No one could have performed this part better. All of us have had a job like this. That fax machine that says there is a paper jam when there is no paper jam. That boss who just doesn't get that you might have a life outside of work. Those thoughts about stealing millions from the company. And most importantly, that dream we have all had about seeing the building go up in flames. Ahhhh, poetic justice.",
20786,__label__1,"Good for a few laughs: This movie started out with some pretty funny bits, but it ran out of steam. You could see the ending coming from a mile away. Maybe Mike ran out of ideas. It just dragged on and on towards the end. As Butthead would say, ""What in the hell is this crap?""",
20787,__label__2,"Flair was at a minimum...: Wonderful movie... I LOVE this movie. However, truth must be told that the ""flair"" aspect is seriously lacking in this special edition. Which is a shame because let's face it there are a million things that would be done to ""flair"" it up from bottons, to post-its, to almost anything office related. It had special features like deleted scenes... but so many movies have that now that it really isn't all that special. I can't stress enough though that it's a great movie, I just wish the special edition was, well, more special...",
20788,__label__2,Umm...yeah...i'm gonna need you to...: watch this movie! It was recommended to me for a long time before I broke down and rented it. It is very funny. It encapsulates every piece of crap job or pain in the a** boss you've ever had. There is something in here for every working stiff. Wouldn't it be amazing if we just stopped caring about work? The irony that the lack of care brings good fortune. Don't be too doubtful. It just might work for you!,
20789,__label__2,"You won't be able to watch this movie with a straight face....: This DVD is not bad at all. ""Office Space"" is one of my top favorites. This movie had me cracking up.I saw similarities between this movie and the company I use to work in.Mike Judge had created a hilarious masterpiece from the beginning to the end in ""Office Space"". It makes you take a second look at Corporate America and see all the flaws it has. Ron Livingston is great as the tired of it worker, while Jennifer Aniston is very likeable as his girlfriend. I thought the whole Michael Bolton thing was hilarious, as was the murdering of the office equipment in the open field. Gary Cole played his role as annoyingly as anyone could have, and John C. McGinley was funny as the new staff hand. This movie should have done well at the box office, but anyone who's seen it knows how good it really is. This movie is definitely worth having.",
20790,__label__2,"Freakin' funny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: If you hate your job and are tired of seeing the jerks promoted, you've must see this film",
20791,__label__2,"Great movie! Played just fine: Finally added this gem of a movie to our collection, don't know why we didn't do it sooner. the end",
20792,__label__1,"Does not work: I have ordered multiple items from Amazon and have never had a problem with any of the items I've purchased until now. This ""Office Space"" DVD will not play in either of my DVD players. I'm greatly disappointed in this company and will be sure to avoid Amazon purchases through them in the future if I'm unable to rectify this situation.",
20793,__label__1,"DVD doesn't work: Funny, just got this review in my email and today was actually the first time I wanted to view this movie. Well, come to find out, it doesn't work. Says its not compatible. I have never ever had a dvd not work. It also said that its not supported under explanation on my player. Well, I will be calling for a refund on this DVD...no sense of wasting money on something that doesn't work. I have seen the movie and I love it...very funny.",
20794,__label__2,"Incisive and funny critique of organizational life: I agree with those who find this a superb comedy. And, as with most great comedies, it is so largely because of its extremely incisive and insightful view of contemporary society, in this case of the absurd, boring, oppressive, and meaningless character of much of contemporary life and work as experienced by those who inhabit American corporations and organizations, especially those of a high-tech and bureaucratic character. Thus it is high-quality social criticism in addition to being deeply humorous (as such other great comedies as Modern Times and The Apartment were in their times).",
20795,__label__2,comedic gem: Anyone who has worked an office job in corporate America can relate to this film. Mike Judge does an excellent job of squeezing hummor out of every quirky nuisance of working in an office enviornment and the politics that can surround it.Everthing from brown-nosers to annoying bosses.The amount of one-liners in this flick are endless.You won't be disappointed!,
20796,__label__2,"Ron Livingston looks like a toddler in play shorts.: My favorite character is Dietrich Bader, the next door neighbor. This is a perfect movie, a classic rewatchable good time along the lines of The Ref and Princess Bride and Goonies. This is the movie that I recommend without qualification to foreign students of English. This is also the best role of Jennifer Aniston's career.",
20797,__label__2,"Funny as heck: When my friend and I rented this, it changed our world of inside jokes and punchlines forever. This movie is halarious.It's not really the funniest movie in the world when your actually watching it, I only laughed out loud at a half dozen or so scenes, but all of the little puns are the kind that you think are funny for ages afterwords, and unlike most comedy films, Office Space actually had re-view value. I won't gauruntee it, but I'll bet you'll find your self saying ""I'm going to set the building on fire"" and laughing ALOT after you see this.",
20798,__label__2,Training film: All large corporations should use this as a training film.Having worked for a large company this is how they work.The forms are more important than the work.,
20799,__label__2,"My work life on film: I thought this was a hella funny movie. I was busting up frequently during this because so much related to the hell hole I work in. The cubes, the zoning out, the hating of the job, etc. was easy to relate to. I thought the other two guys were funny too. If you work in a cube cage, you will totally relate to this movie. Mike Judge rules.",
20800,__label__2,"A must for all of us in the cubical farm: This is the great movie that anyone who has ever worked in a corporate environment can relate to. It shows fine examples of the insanity in the work place, the frustrations of trying to do your job only to have idiotic roadblocks intentionally placed in front of you, and the journey of people who have finally had enough.You will laugh out loud throughout this movie, just don't take my stapler.",
20801,__label__2,"Great Commentary on the Corporate Culture: Dry, wry and funny - saw it on its first release, when it was largely overlooked by the public. Good commentary on the corporate culture, in the same satirical league and philosophical bent as Dilbert. Livingstone and Cole are very good, Anniston is not given much to do, and Stephen Root's performance is legendary. I worked once for a multi-national entity, and this film really gets it right! Four stars from me.",
20802,__label__2,"No wonder there's a cult following: If you've ever worked in an office the irony will be glaringly evident. Every time I watch this movie I laugh hard. This movie makes me want to get a red stapler so I can make my statement. If you haven't watched this movie, you're missing out.",
20803,__label__2,"4 1/2 stars: this is a very funny movie. this first time i watched it it didn't seem that funny, but then after i second time i loved it. milton is funny and so are all the other charcters. i don't have a job so i can't relate to that, but it is still a great movie.",
20804,__label__2,"Whoever doesn't like this movie; something is wrong with you.: The title says it all. This is one great movie, if you're thinking of purchasing it, I HIGHLY recommend it.",
20805,__label__2,"Somebody's got a case of the Mondays.: This movie is simply one of the great comedy's in the history of film. The humor is just so spot on. From the gawky white ultra geek who thinks he's down to the so perky you want to strangle her receptionist, he really captures what its like in white collar America these days. And to top it off the films filled with classic, quotable lines (""Why should I have to change my name? Michael Bolton's the one who sucks""). This flick towers over most of the stuff being put out today that's called comedy.",
20806,__label__2,Office Space dvd: This dvd has so many funny stars in it. It's funny from the first scene to the end. I suggest it to all my friends and family who hasn't seen it yet.,
20807,__label__2,"what a classic spoof on modern corporate thought and the idiocy of the modern business plan and attitude! must see: anyone who has worked in corporate America will connect with this movie in the first few minutes. the laughs come constantly, and the stupidity of the corporate mind-set is laid bare. truly a must see for all the frustrated workers who are left scratching their heads over directives coming down with no logic as to what the expected outcomes these directives will achieve.",
20808,__label__2,"Classic!: This movie is hilarious even the 5th time you see it. It's a classic, especially if you have ever worked for or in a large office. Everyone should see it at least once. Some foul language and adult situations, so not for young children.",
20809,__label__2,"Best Office Comedy Out There, Instant Classic: There is not a workplace in the world that one can walk into and not find somthing that parallels this something in this movie. This was Mike Judge's live action directoral debut, and he hit this out of the ballpark. Known for bevis and butt head and King of the Hill, Judge placed together and excellent cast to bring out the best humor that many of us can relate to in a close quareters office based setting. From the Fax Machine to the Memo's, to The overall dissatisfaction and unfulfillinness of the job. The there is Milton...just an awsome character. Laugh until it hurts. Buy this movie, you will watch it over and over, worth the investment",
20810,__label__2,"Like looking in a mirror.: Mike Judge did his homework. As a computer programmer, I can say that this satire is right on the money!",
20811,__label__2,"Truth is stanger (and funnier) than fiction!: This movie is a must see for anyone who has worked in a ""cubicle dweller enviromnet"". This movie is much more true to life than I had expected (don't fear the dog who barks, fear the dog who quietly growls). Almost every scene in this movie has happened to me in some way, shape or form (""PC Letter Load?!?! What the ---- does that mean?!?!""). Anyone who doesn't find this movie funny must either: Never have worked in a large company, gone straight to middle management, or be utterly humorless. One of the funniest movies I have seen in a while.",
20812,__label__2,"This is gut-splitting, laugh-out-loud comedy: This is gut-splitting, laugh-out-loud comedy, similar to ""Clerks."" It will warm the heart of anyone who hates bureaucracy and lack of a merit system at work.",
20813,__label__2,"Absolutely hilarious!: Anyone who has ever worked in an office can relate to this movie. I was laughing from beginning to end. As a commuter, I found the opening rush-hour traffic scene one of the best. Office Space will definitely be added to my video collection.",
20814,__label__2,"This movie was good.: This movie was very funny and I highly recommend it. It is a story of something we all wish we could do, leave our workplace and not have a care in the world. In addition, the supporting actors provide lots of comedy for the movie.",
20815,__label__1,"Not That Good: This was recommended by a coworker a while back. I was expecting something like a Dilbert expose of corporate America, but this was not that good. I do not know whether the role of the boss, the regional VP, was supposed to be a parody of a typical Silicon Valley boss, but it seemed to me to be merely lame acting. And worst of all, the central theme pivoted around an illegal act, which was very depressing and disappointing. I can hardly believe that Jennifer Aniston ended up in this cheap flick. Very dated, with some ancient computer equipment featured.",
20816,__label__1,"Ridiculous: A slow moving slapstick comedy. Jennifer Anniston has again demonstrated that she is a third rate actress and is taking parts in ""B"" movies like this. Along with the rap music backgrounds and weak plot, poor direction and marginal acting, this is barely a two star movie.",
20817,__label__2,Absolutely Perfect: This is the one film in the entire history of cinema that I can wholeheartedly endorse.,
20818,__label__2,"Cult Classic for Cubicle Cadre: This movie endures as a favorite in corporate (and government) circles because, unlike Dilbert, it's still funny after all these years. The characters are fresh and engaging (except for the one name, Aniston somebody), the storyline is edgy (if logically flawed in parts), and it made me laugh several times. A great rental. Not to buy. No.It's also pretty vulgar, though I admit I don't get out much, being the father of two small children (my most important job, bucko). Do what I did--see it at home while on sick leave.",
20819,__label__2,"One of the Top Comedies Ever...: This movie is absolutely genius in several ways. The first one being that it relates to us all. The viewer of this film doesn't even have to have worked in an office in their entire LIFE; they just need to have worked in some type of environment. You'll see plenty of familiar characters of everyday life. The second reason this film is brilliant is in its dialouge. The jokes are cleverly inputted and lead on to other jokes. You have to pay attention to the film and really be interested in what's going on. My third - and final - reason for being why this film is really good is simple: it's clever. This movie is terrific, fantastic, super, incredible, and just plain fantabulous. If you don't own this movie on DVD, you're just missing out.",
20820,__label__2,"Excellent and Funny: This is a classic movie and must have for anyone who has ever worked in an office of any kind. You definitely will recognize some of your ""friends"" in the movie.",
20821,__label__1,"HORRIBLE!!! DO NOT BUY FROM THEM!: I ordered the Office Space Special Edition DVD Gift set: Includes the Special Edition DVD, Red Stapler, Lumbergh Coffee Mug, Mouse Pad, Magnetic Picture Frame, Pen & Pencil Set, and TPS Report Notepad.I received only the DVD!!! Now I have to request a refund from Amazon, and ship this back and wait up to 10-15 days for a refund! JOKE!!! Amazon did not even attempt to contact the seller to see if the Gift Set was accidentally not included in the shipping. And as for ""Amazon"" filling the order, what kind of IDIOT would fill an order which says ""DVD GIFT SET"" and only put a DVD in the box which was $48.68. Ridiculous! NOT HAPPY WITH SELLER AND NOT HAPPY WITH AMAZON!!!!",
20822,__label__1,"didn't live up to expectations: I was quite disappointed in this movie. The trailers, as is often the case, showed the majority of high points in the movie. It had its moments, but it dragged on, and the male lead had no energy at all and brought nothing to the film. I was also surprised Jennifer Aniston would lend herself to such a simplistic, afterthought kind of character. Surely she could get more important parts than this.",
20823,__label__1,"unwatchable: however, being somewhat obsessive, i couldn't seem to break free...jejune, almost entirely empty, and nearly identical to a very bad and lengthy sitcom episode, except for the absence of the obligatory 50s laugh track...in the first two hours of my promised and blissful afterlife, i may very well look back upon the final two hours, and realize they were wasted in advance on this deeply malformed creature feature.",
20824,__label__2,uh... yeah...: this is a great movie. really great. it's one of those quoteable comedies you can watch over and over again.,
20825,__label__2,"Fractions of Pennies!: I believe that for anyone who has had to work in a cube environment you will not only be able to relate to this movie and empathize with it's characters but I almost believe that this movie could be considered therapeutic. If you haven't worked in a ""REAL"" office environment then I could see how some people might have jokes go over their head. This is a movie that I believe is equivalent to Charlie Chaplin's movies of working life during his times. It is poignant and is a must for anyone who enjoys a movie that not only has good comedy but can also be an insight into the follies of what was and is considered a good working environment. ...and to think there was a time without cubicles...Yeah...I'm going to have to ask you to come to work on Saturday...thaaaaaaanks.",
20826,__label__2,One of the Best Comedy Movies: Office Space is one of the funniest films created. If you have ever had a job working in a cubical Office Space will be even funnier. This filmis a must have for anyones DVD collection.,
20827,__label__2,"Rent This ""Space"" Tonight: How many of you have, at work, ever had the same minor ""mistake' pointed out by three or more ""supervisors""? How many have been told you have a bad attitude? Do you seek to validate your work-related malaise?If you've ever toiled at a medium-pay, low-mental-stimulation office job or at Friday's or ( as is the case of my assistant) both, you will have a great appreciation of Mike Judge's minor white collar masterpiece.Adding to this viewer's pleasure was the thoroughly enjoyable, Cali-oriented gangsta rap soundtrack.",
20828,__label__2,"A Masterful Work from Mike Judge: This movie is hilarious. Mike Judge gets it. I enjoyed this movie so much, I went out and bought the soundtrack, which by the way, is ingenious on Mike Judge's part. The soundtrack adds to the humor of the movie. This is obviously very underrated. That's okay, Judge will be back I'm sure.",
20829,__label__2,"I love it: Mike Judge, creator of...Beavis and Butthead...suprises the hell out of me with this--a great movie. It's a very funny satire of office work, and there's this running stapler joke people seem to love more than anything else, yet the film has much more to offer than the running stapler joke...c'mon...The very best part is at the end when he looks into the sky and gives a meaningful: fu*k'n A....God...a great movie.Choose this over any Pauly Shore movie, and I guarentee you, you'll be a better person.",
20830,__label__2,"This is my life: Excellent movie! I've rented it 2 weekends in a row now, buying it today...absolutely hilarious. The cast is perfect. Anyone who has worked in this enviorment can relate completely...you'll think it's your life on camera. With my company downsizing at the moment, this movie couldn't have come at a better time...life truly is to short to put up with the BS of the corporate world...This movie is just what I needed to finally make the decision to leave! WOOHOO!",
20831,__label__2,"""OH! face"" Funny: Mike Judge has taken his great ""King of the Hill"" humor and put it in every office cubicle by this very funny and smart debut. Relatively unknown Ron Livingston gives a perfect performance as a getting-sick-of the-nonsense-around-here computer drone who is changed by a hypnosis suggestion that he just not worry about his work. So he doesn't-literally. Leads to a promotion. He teams up with Jennifer Aniston is a classic restuarant scene when she asks him what he does ""I don't like my job- I'm not going back""-- ""so you're quitting?""-- ""No, I'm just not going back"". Tend to think the humor is more directed towards guys- Michael Bolton a worthy target-- and that infamous ""Oh""face. Funniest movie since ""Lost In America""",
20832,__label__2,"Cult Classic: This movie will appeal to 95 % of the working poplulation, assuming that you have a sense of humour that is. The scene is set in a modern IT office, whereby nothing new ever happens, until one day the IT bodds decide that they should be rewarded for their work and as a result plot to ""modify"" a few computer systems in order for them to rob the company blind.Enjoy, enjoy, enjoy....",
20833,__label__2,"Great movie, average DVD: First off, let me say that this movie is incredible! I have seen it probably close to 30 times, and it's still a pleasure to watch! This is one of those rare movies that actually gets better the more you watch it. If you haven't seen this movie, do yourself a favor and go ahead and buy it. Don't bother renting it, because you will just want to watch it again and again. Unfortunatley, the DVD is lacking. There is no special features really, besides a cast bio. I would really have loved to have gotten some additional scenes or something along those lines. But like i said before, the movie more than makes up for it.",
20834,__label__2,"Couldn't ax for more: Hi. My name is Steve. I come from a rough area. I used to be additted to creck.Office Space is a veritable classic. The commentary and interviews in the special features are hilarious and informative.If you know what's good for you, check this out. It will not make you want to throw your TV in the middle of a field and smash it with a baseball bat.",
20835,__label__2,"Tired of office work? Watch this!: Peter, a disillusioned worker gets hypnotised and starts to worry less and less about his work. Casual Peter actually improves his work life in doing so. A nice comedy about working in cubicles and your typical office annoyances. Check out Youtube for ""pc load letter"". Funny stuff!",
20836,__label__2,"Work In Office? Then This Movie Is For You!!: By far the best office movie that I've seen. Wonderfully acted, and superbly written, this is a small budget movie everyone will like.No one who sees this movie can forget the line, ""Why does it say paper jam, when there is no paper jam?""If you've been looking for a movie that you would love to watch over and over again, and still laugh at the same jokes, then this is it. I never knew how truthful the movie was until starting my new job. Now, I'm in a cubicle and can really ""feel their pain.""If you haven't seen this movie yet, then what are you waiting for?",
20837,__label__2,"Office Space is a work of genius: I cried with laughter through the entire movie. I rolled on the floor. It is brilliant.The fact that I realized that they had just made a movie about my job should have caused me pain. But in a funny way, it helped.(My favourite line is the ""worst day of my life"" one at the hynotherapist. You'll see what I mean.)",
20838,__label__2,"Great movie: If you ever worked in an office of any kind, you will love this movie. This movie was remended to me by a coworker that could see the similarities between our office and the movie's.",
20839,__label__1,"Poor satire....: What a poor satire on office culture and a poor attempt on mimicing what is so successful in the Dilbert cartoons. I heard the movie was amusing, but when I watched it, I found nothing funny about it. I had to shut the movie off after 30 minutes of trying to find a good reason to laugh.",
20840,__label__1,"I Can't Believe People Actually think This is Funny! STUPID: I really can't believe people think this is funny. I think that 'nerdy' 'geeky' types like this movie. My girlfriend and I just thought this was the geekiest, boring movie. REVENGE OF THE NERDS PART 5 or something similarily just not funny. I really am just amazed this film sells so well on the Internet... probably an Internet geek thing :-)",
20841,__label__1,"What a load of Tripe!: As everyone says, that 1 star is under protest. (Amazon, Why can't you give us a choice of 0 or -1) After seeing this title and the 4+ stars in the bestsellers list, I had to try to balance this with -4. I have never seen anything more purile and insulting to our intellegence (look who's talking, I paid money for it? ) than this load of absolute rubbish. The people who gave this any stars must have very dull and boring lives.",
20842,__label__1,Not funny enough!: This movie was not funny. The idea was not so bad but I would say that the dialogs and the acting were simply not good enough.,
20843,__label__1,"By far one of the worst movies I've ever seen... EVER!: If you value your time and money, don't waste 10 more seconds thinking about buying this horribly bad movie. You will want to write to the producers and ask them to give you an hour and a half of your life back. This movie is a tribute to the eternal question of, ""Why do people keep giving Jennifer Aniston movies?"" I'm not saying that this movie is the worst one ever made, but without a doubt it comes in a very close second.",
20844,__label__1,"Not A Good Movie!: Let me stress to you that this movie IS NOT funny. It may be one worst movies I've seen. I couldn't even sit through it. Don't even waste your time watching this movie, it will waste brain cells that could be used by something more interesting (like sniffing glue for example LOL...that is actually funnier than the movie gets) I suggest that if you haven't watched it spare yourself.",
20845,__label__1,"DUMB: We saw this movie on a plane trip, and it was dumb. It wasn't even funny! Lame jokes, no plot, no ending.",
20846,__label__1,AWFUL MOVIE: I could tell after the first 5 minutes that this movie was gonna suck. It was absolutely awful. I don't know where all these great reviews came from.,
20847,__label__2,For Dilbert fans and Government Workers: Anyone who has ever lived in a cubicle needs to see this movie... just not when the boss is around! It is funny and painfully close to cubicle truths. Like a live action Dibert cartoon... bureaucracy victims will be rolling on the floor in laughter.,
20848,__label__2,"YOU HAVE TO OWN IT NOW!: Don't spend time reading all the critics. If you're here, its because you have some interest in this particular movie. So, here's the deal: I'm from Mexico (and our humor it's a little different from yours), I'm not a fan of Beavis & Butthead neither King of the Hill, I dont know the Milton reference, I'm not in love with Jennifer Aniston and I only watch the movie once so many years before, but I have to own this movie now. Why? Cause I still cant' forget how great it is! pure and simple.Everything in there (story, characters, funny situations from beggining to end) is a hit. This is the kind of movie worth seeing 5 times a year (at least). Too bad the DVD has zero cool extras (an insult for the fans and the great movie that contains). Five stars for the movie, 3 for the DVD.Trust me: buy it, see it and enjoy it.",
20849,__label__2,"great movie: Love the movie - a timeless classic for sure, especially for those of us that have ever spent time in an office setting.",
20850,__label__2,"Awesome movie, but very flawed DVD format: As many reviewers have previously stated, this is THE movie that defines corporate angst and fuels the inner desire of all office-workers (including myself) to harbor dreams of trashing the printer, playing tetris all day, sleeping in late on weekdays, and stealing my boss's parking space. Think Dilbert on DVD using real characters.I absolutely love this film, but the DVD itself is pretty bland. There are hardly any extras (trailers don't count), and the DVD edition sorely needs some outtakes. No cast interviews, no director's commentary, nothing.... To make matters worse, I believe the DVD encoding is flawed. I've played it numerous times on my brand new Toshiba DVD player, and sometimes the screen will distort or colors will wash at certain spots in the movie, particularly in the beginning. But considering this is the only edition available on DVD, it's a marginal flaw and one that shouldn't prevent anyone from enjoying it.",
20851,__label__2,"Hilarious!!!: I don't remember the last time I laughed that hard... ""Office Space"" is a great flick, poking fun at daily life at the office. Its ironic and situational comedy is superb, and if you enjoy a good laugh, you love this film. I recently heart of an office-manager playing it for her staff during a meeting, to ""lighten"" everybody up. I think it did the trick! Find out what I mean. ;-)",
20852,__label__2,"anyone who works can relate to this movie!!!: this movie is great because even if you do not work in a office ,you can still relate to what is going on!!The film takes place in offices. I laughed the whole time. My favorite part is in the beginning when the main guy is commuting to work and the old man in the walker passes him up!!!Go get this movie even if you do not work you will still get some of the humor in this awesome movie about the relationships between employees and their employers)!",
20853,__label__2,"Ferris: This movie is the Ferris Bueller of the working age. Not only are you laughing through the entire movie because you work in an office yourself, but because the movie portrays real people and the idiosyncricies of life. From the hoosier next door to the abused waitress to the fearful office workers soon to be laid off. This is a corporate world and you should go pee before you see this movie because you will laugh so hard you cry.",
20854,__label__2,"Extremely Funny: Almost every scene in OFFICE SPACE has some sort of humor in it, and it is some of the more subtle humors that make this movie so hilarious. This film covers a wide range of everyday happenings in the office with typical office characters, and is held up by an interesting plot.The cast, while Jennifer Aniston is the only famous one, is great. If you like this movie the first time you watch it, you will want to watch it again and again. Then you will surely find yourself quoting a variety of lines from the many different characters. Whether you work in an office and can personally relate to this movie doesn't really matter. OFFICE SPACE will most likely satisfy (at least partially) your sense of humor.",
20855,__label__2,"Excellente: Though I don't work in an office environment, I still have to put up with idiots everyday. This movie is right up my alley. This movie plays on current stereotypes and cubicle horror stories to make you laugh until you wet yourself (and I almost did). I bought this movie for my father as a birthday present becasue he does slave away in a cubicle and hates his idiot boss. However, amidst all the coffee and desperation, most of the jokes could be expected a mile away, but that didn't stop me from watching it again and again.",
20856,__label__1,"It's simply weak.: Not agreat movie at all. I don't care about the performances (all of them good. Including Jennifer Aniston. This woman is gorgeous, astonishingly beautiful). And I loved the idea. Any piece of movie, paper, text, joke, about that awful consultants, that awful corporations, is to my pleasure. The movie shows waht happens when consultants are hired to ""aid"" the company: all the company wants them to do is to fire employees.But this movie is not funny. It's low budget, of course, but that's not the point. Livingston is not a very brilliant actor, and his performance is boring. The supporting cast gives their best, but it's not enough: they don't have enough funny material to work upon.",
20857,__label__1,"not as funny as it looks: office space has nothing to do with space.space office is a comedy about a person who has a boring life with a boreing job ""only does 15 minutes of hard work a week"" when he goes to see a counciler, the counciler hipnites him an dies, which mostly means for the rest of his life he will start to become much more happey, he decides with two friends of his to do a frowd on his disturberd boss who keeps on saying ""yeaaa"" when the frowd goes wrong they begin to have a problem. has many funny scenes in the movie and has very little boreing scenes in it.",
20858,__label__1,"Poor, lackluster: I bought this video after reading so many great reviews of it. Even coming from an office environment I found almost no really funny parts -- for me the movie just dragged on and on - I kept watching waiting for it to pick up - up to the end...",
20859,__label__1,Office Space - Secial Edition with Flair (Full Screen Edition): What a waste of time and money. Stupid and not very funny. I gave this as a Christmas present to a friend and was totally embarrassed after we watched it together!,
20860,__label__1,"A lack of quality.: I was very dissappointed with Office Space. I expected great things from this movie based on the trilers the movie seemed like an interesting concept and something most people could relate to. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. The only humor in this film are provided by two characters with about 5 minutes of screen time shared between them. I'll just say that this movie could have been done better.",
20861,__label__1,Not appropriate for those with good taste.: Although this movie had a lot of potential it was far from reaching that potential. The sound track used Rap music that was full of nasty langauge and poor moral messages. There were totally inappropriate scenes that added absolutely nothing to the movie except perhaps offend peoples sensitivities. This movie is definately not for youger members of the family. My opinion is to just let this movie fade into the dirt where it belongs.,
20862,__label__2,"One of my all time favorites!!: Anyone who has ever worked in corporate America can relate to this movie. This is a much watch, so funny. :)",
20863,__label__2,Exactly as it happens in the office !!!!: Excellent performance of all actors. This movie is really similar to the regular life in the office. A lot of fun !!!,
20864,__label__2,"rings true: The first time I saw Office Space, a few years ago, I thought it was not bad, but nothing all that special either. I must have watched it at least 10 times since then though, and each time I like it more. Now I'd describe it as a comic masterpiece. I love what they've done with the music, and many of the less visible characters, such as Lawrence the neighbor, are hilarious. I absolutely love all the characters in this movie, with the exception of the stapler guy, whose meek and mumbly humor I still haven't managed to appreciate yet. I think what makes this movie really extaordinary though is that it does such a great job of parodying the ridiculous aspects of the office environment. As outrageous as much of the material is, it really hits home with the millions who have suffered through similarly stupid situations at their own work. Not good for young kids due to some language, I'd recommend it to anyone else who is looking for a good laugh.",
20865,__label__1,"it was aight: I saw the bonus features&didn't really get the Hype of this film.Any film with Jennifer Aniston alone means the film is gonna lose some points because you the acting is gonna be kinda weak.i got some things of the film,but on a whole I didn't get what all the Hype was about.it had some funny moments,but it was fairly predictable to me.",
20866,__label__1,"Left us a little cold!!!: I don't quite understand some people. We purchased this movie based on the rather impressive reviews.... The movie has one or two laughs granted, but I sure as hell wouldn't make a big effort to see it again. The performances overall are weak (particulary the rather dreadful Jennifer A)as is the overall plot.Watch it...but at someone else's expense!!",
20867,__label__1,"Not so funny: I watch dis moovie an I no laugh. I work at intersections selling flowers an I like my jefe. Eef chu want comedy chu should watch ""In dee Army"", or ""Biodome"".",
20868,__label__1,"Why do people think this is a funny movie?: I do not for the life of me understand all the hype surrounding this movie. Why does everyone love ""Office Space"" so much? There were a few times when I chuckled here and there, but overall this movie just is NOT funny. I do not recommend it.",
20869,__label__1,"B Movie: It really scares me that so many people thought this movie was funny. If your IQ is over 80, don't waste your time.",
20870,__label__2,A Keeper: This movie ranks right up there with some of my most favorite comedies. Definitely one that I'll watch over and over again.,
20871,__label__2,"I was told I can listen to the radio at a reasonable volume: To say the least Beavis & Butthead's creator Mike Judge makes you laugh till you cry again. Only this time its about work. I mean from begining to end you will laugh. I thought I was gonna drop dead about mid ways through. My favorite character without a doubt is Milton Waddams (Stephen Root), who is put through hell at work, even though he was laid off five years earlier, and by some glitch in the payroll system, he still recieves a paycheck! (I mean he's hilarious)! Im gonna go by saying the same thing Milton always said to his bosses, ""Okay, I'll set the building on fire"". Dont Miss This!",
20872,__label__2,Red Stapler...: I must try cleaning fish in my cubicle! Never forget to think on disabling the nasty copy machine before leaving.,
20873,__label__1,"DVD doesn't play: There aren't any major scratches on the disc, but there's enough I guess 'cause this disc skips and eventually just freezes in the middle of the movie. Very disappointing since I didn't try watching it until months after I received it and couldn't return it. Thought I'd write a review before I throw it away. Money in the garbage.",
20874,__label__2,"Office Space: Gosh I love this movie, so much is true about what you find in life within cubicles. Every employee in this film fits what we have in our offices.Good humour, good fun!",
20875,__label__2,"Hilarious and Cathartic: This film is not only hilarious but cathartic. Recommended for anyone, especially anyone who works in corporate America. The film plays off some of the cliches we face in ""downsizing"" companies. Some of the characters are caricature, yet somehow identifiable with many who infiltrate our work spaces with models, slogans, and the latest buzz words. Office Space is an effective antidote after a work week in a corporate cubicle; some days, it may even replace a happy hour cocktail--well, at least, enhance it.",
20876,__label__2,"One day i'm going to burn this whole place down: Sometimes the most simple of words say more than a very long review could. Think of this movie as you would if ""Clerks"" and ""Dilbert"" got together and had a baby. This is one of my all time top ten favorite funny movies.Overall-Just plain funny, if you haven't already seen it please do so.",
20877,__label__2,"A sleeper hit, but one of the funniest movies ever: Wow! Where did this movie come from, I saw the poster lots of times but I thought it would be a stupid movie. Boy was I wrong, this is one of the funniest movies I have seen in ages. From the man that brought us Beavis and Butt-head, Mike Judge, who also makes an appearence in the film. If you have not seen this movie, or if you were like me, and thought it looked stupid, go rent it right now. Trust me, you won't regret it.",
20878,__label__2,"Looks like someone has a case of the Mondays: This movie is served best at the end of a long week when you find yourself repeating, ""I hate my job, I hate my job."" If you've ever tried to avoid your boss to get out of an assignment or have fantisized about destroying tempermental office equipment, this is the movie for you.",
20879,__label__2,"Recognize anyone familiar in this movie?: I love this movie. After watching it once, I could identify 4 or 5 parallels to people I work with on a daily basis. I rented this movie once and decided that when it went to ""priced to buy"" status, I had to own it. The story becomes a little weak from the ""virus"" bit. But, the overall characters stand out in this movie. I know two guys at work who remind me of Milton(both are squirrelly and mumble a lot). Mr. Lumberg(""what's happenin?"")reminds me of a guy who would say(every morning),""whaddya know?"". I also have two friends at work who have the same names as celebrities (ie-Michael Bolton). Both Don Johnson and Mike Wallace are both employed at the same place.....and I'm not talking about CBS. If you see it once and recognize someone or something that makes you laugh about your own place of work, then this is the movie for you to own.",
20880,__label__2,"3G: I work in china mobile Guangdong Branch, and I want to know the step to 3G,how can we progress to 3G ,It is good for me to understand the technical of 3G after reading this book.",
20881,__label__2,"A nice rough overview of all the new wireless technologies: I started this book with the yearning to know about all of these technologies: Bluetooth, 3G, GPRS, UMTS, CDPD, HSCSD, Location-based services, and TDMA/CDMA/etc. I really have a decent understanding after this reading this book.It gets to the details of how handoffs between GPRS base stations and stuff like that. Things you might not need to know, but its the details that get you places. I'd recommend this book to anyone wanting to know about the general gamut of wireless technologies.",
20882,__label__1,"Lots of coverage, but lack of depth: The table of contents looks very impressive, with wide coverage and lots of fancy looking terms and acronyms, but the book contents are quite disappointing, lack of depth. Good for someone who wants to know the terms. Not helpful for developers and industry professionals.",
20883,__label__2,"An extremely clear and well written book: As a Biologist, I have been looking for a book that would give a clear and concise introduction to solar energy and photovoltaics. Paul Fowler's book does just that. It is written for the person who has an interest in solar power, but who does not have the technical background to immediately delve into more detailed texts. It's story format is engaging, yet also very informative. I highly recommend this book.",
20884,__label__2,"Best CD Ive heard this year!: I cant say that Jimmy Lafave really meant all that much to me. Apart, that is, from Going Home, a better song than Bruce Springsteen, for example, ever wrote (although Dead Man Walking comes close). But Trail is a gem in its entirety. Lafave manages to sing songs by the likes of Dylan and Springsteen better than Dylan and Springsteen, as if they were his own. Going Home, by the way, is on it too. It is the heartbraching ache in Lafaves voice that will never stop to amaze me. And touch me, like very few voices do. Absolutely brilliant!",
20885,__label__1,"Not satisfied: This book is fun to look at but most, not all, of the recipes are extremely fattening. It is mostly made up of sweets and treats. There are a few healthy and nutritious items but overall you'll see nothing but how to make cookies, candy and ice cream. I don't recommend this book if you are trying to feed your children healthy snacks. These aren't snacks, they're desserts.",
20886,__label__1,Very disappointing & dumb: Hi! I collect cookbooks and never give bad reviews but this book was awful! There wasn't one cute food idea that I would make for my child. I was hoping for cute snacks I could make for pre-school & this book was a waste of money. I got better ideas just off of the internet.,
20887,__label__2,"Fun, easy snacks that kids can put together too!: After-school snacks, party treats, or just-for-fun goodies that kids love to make! Kids also like to thumb through the pages choosing snacks they'd like to try. Most are quick to prepare and don't require special ingredients. Most also turn out pretty tasty! Lots of fun!",
20888,__label__2,Soulful and Spiritual: Wow! I picked up this CD randomly and what a blessing it turned out to be! The lyrics are filled with praise to the Lord and the melodies are soulful. Both up tempo beats and slow smooth sounds are on the album.,
20889,__label__1,"Sexy but cheap: I bought the right size, and it fits well and looks great, but it tore and fell apart within 24 hours. It is also NOT crotchless.",
20890,__label__2,Elements -- An Excellent Example of Modern Sensual Poetry: Laura Johnson's work is truly outstanding. At once soft and sensual with a mind provoking kick that leaves you enamored with her style and passion. This book is one of the best I've seen of this genre in years.,
20891,__label__1,"False Advertisement!!!: I bought this product not knowing what works well on VERY heavy oxidized hull on my boat. This product isn't even so so, it FLAT out sucks. I am no PRO at restoring the hull finish, but even with a 10"" buffer/waxer is still failed to bring to nice shine even using four different bonnets ranging from application to high buff. I hope this helps someone out there. It didn't help me. What a waste of time and money.",
20892,__label__2,"fun but not durable: The toy is cute and fun and my daughter loved it, but unfortunately it stoped working for no apparent reason after a few weeks--Jack became stuck and no longer popped up.",
20893,__label__1,Cute but not durable: This toy is very cute but it stopped working after one week. The handle was also very hard to turn to get the music to play. This was a real waste of money.,
20894,__label__1,"Poor mechanics: We have owned this Jack in the box for about a month and a half. The music has already stopped working and we didn't even play with it on a daily basis, much less on a weekly basis. I wouldn't recommend this toy.",
20895,__label__2,"Finally a Good Jack-in-the-Box: We have had metal ones in the past and have always had a hard time wrestling the clown back in his box after he popped up. The top of the Tolo one is so easy that even my almost-2-year-old can do it with ease. It is fun, bright, and makes her smile. My only question is why does it play ""This Old Man"" instead of the usual ""Pop Goes the Weasel?"" Whatever song it plays, it is a great toy.",
20896,__label__1,Not a good choice: Toy mechanism broke after 1 use - could not get jack to pop out of the box anymore. Could have been a nice toy if it didn't break so easily.,
20897,__label__1,Broken after 5 times using: I am very disappointed in this toy because it broke after 5 times of trying it. I think that my money should be refunded because it was useless and I had to go out and buy another toy to make up with this one. I didn't have the heart to take it back from the child but I was sorely disappointed as was her parent in me that I would give her a toy that was so poor.,
20898,__label__1,"Awkward: My mom bought this toy foor my son for Christmas last year (2010). My son is just about 2 1/2 now. I wanted a jack in the box so that my son could work on his motor skills and oppositional skills. He loves being surprised too. For the 11 months that we have owned this toy my son still can't crank the handel. I myself find it kind of awkward to do so. The toy is cute and hasn't broken (yet). The star on the front turns and clicks. My 4 month old loves when I turn it. The button for the squeaker on the back is kind of hard to push (for me). My two year old hasn't tried playing with the button because it's so hard to push (he has other toys that squeak when you push them and he can do it just well).So, in conclusion, because the toy is so awkward and hard (for a child) to manipulate our toy has been not much more than space taking up my kids' toy box.",
20899,__label__1,"Not especially engaging!: Altho I love the looks of this toy (bright colors) it isn't very engaging. For one, it takes too long to wind the toy to where the clown pops up. I think it's a cute addition to my grandson's toy box, but as far as entertaining him...it doesn't.",
20900,__label__1,"Cheaply Made - Breaks Easily: ""Jack"" doesn't pop up after only a few weeks of owning it. Don't waste your money.",
20901,__label__1,"broken: Got this toy a few months early as a christmas present, but by the time the present was given and taken out of the package, found out it didnt actually work, and by then it was too late to return it. Would have been cute if it had actually worked.",
20902,__label__2,"Good overview: This is a good introduction to Nancy Sinatra's music. This features a number of her biggest hits, including ""These Boots Are Made For Walkin'"", ""Somethin' Stupid"" (the duet with her father, Frank Sinatra) and her popular duets with Lee Hazelwood. This compilation also features her stunning version of ""Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)"" which was used so effectively in Quentin Tarantino's ""Kill Bill Vol. 1"". I think her version is superior to Cher's. My favorite track is Nancy's ""Good Time Girl"" which is unabashedly cheerful pop. The import price may be high, but if you want a good Nancy Sinatra retrospective, this is worth the money.",
20903,__label__1,"Not really bundled: The product as advertised ""Requires full version of Descent: Freespace - The Great War"" (this is quoted verbatim from the CD case it was shipped in), which is not bundled in like this page would have you believe. The game was completely unplayable until I purchased that (from another source, obviously).",
20904,__label__2,"Great game!!: This is a great game. This game is very realistic to be a space game. It has really good graphics and sound. The cut scene videos are interesting and it helps you get into the game. But there are draw backs to the game, such as, the controls are all over the keyboard. You pretty much use the whole keyboard to manuver your space ship. But after a little while of playing it, you will find out that there are about 5-10 keys you will ever need to use. Over all, the game is one of the best I have ever played. It has a great story, graphics, and gameplay. There really isn't much more you can ask for out of a game.",
20905,__label__1,"Really old information and b/w photos: The information in this book is good if you can slug through the boring format. I thought the imagine online was just a draw-in, but the book ACTUALLY looks like this. Remember generic beer in the 50s? A lot like that.JO",
20906,__label__2,"Great read - excellent historical detail: This book left me feeling a bit disturbed, though I enjoyed it - as it was extremely well-written. Kurt Vonengut filled each page with detail and imagery (honestly, I felt the cold and damp that Howard Campbell was physically feeling - it was that vivid to me). But I never knew WHAT Howard Campbell REALLY was - Nazi sympathizer or spy - sending secret messages through a hate-filled radio broadcast?? Did he become so good at what he was pretending to be that he really started to feel that way? Hmmm...I guess that was the purpose of the story - to leave you guessing. Maybe there was something I didn't catch that answered the question?This book is an emotional roller coaster for a reader as well, as you follow Mr. Campbell's ups and downs with friendships, loves and a helpful ""contact.""",
20907,__label__2,"awesome book: Solid Vonnegut.The description that the cover gives doesn't really do the story justice.This is a twisted and dark love story, involving an empty man and his memories.Dark satire is woven throughout, as only Mr. Vonnegut can do.Not quite 5 stars, but only because I've read SH5 and Cat's Cradle.If I was new to this author, it'd be a different story.However, I know what he's capable of, and this isn't QUITE his best.CLOSE though!Highly recommended.",
20908,__label__2,"Mother NIght: All I can say is, this book changed my life. I read it in the mid 70's, and have never forgotten it's message: You are who you pretend to be. So, you had better be very careful who you pretend to be.",
20909,__label__2,"You are what you pretend to be: I generally get around to reading this book once a year. I also tend to buy it once a year as I seem to hand it out like a Jehovas Witness with a copy of WatchTower.All in all, it's not the biggest waste of my money. This is perhaps the finest literature penned in English. Read it. You will laugh when you really think you should be crying.",
20910,__label__2,"MOTHER NIGHT, the ultimate in life's paradox set in WWII: ""Mother Night"" is one of those books that is hard to put down. The main character and his life as a playwrite is excellently done by Vonnegut, with his usual twists, turns, and sudden revelations. This book is a must to read!",
20911,__label__2,"so Kurt, how do you really feel about the war?: Man, if any of his books really reflects his views on war, government, and patriotism, this one leads the pack. He lays the satire on pretty thick. Unlike _Bluebeard_, he handles the fictional biography idea well. The book is structured very nicely. Like _Bluebeard_ though, he provides one of the more satisfying conclusions to his story. Many of his books are weak when the end hits.",
20912,__label__2,At his best!!: Mother Night is Slaughterhouse Five without time travel nor aliens. It's hysterical and puzzling. A great book for any fan of Kurt Vonnegut.,
20913,__label__2,"Another Great One By Vonnegut: Vonnegut did an excellent job in this story. There wasn't any science fiction in this book like many of his others, but the character Howard Campbell was great. The story has great twists to it and it makes for quick reading. I had a hard trying to put this one down, and I think it is a must read for any Vonnegut fan.",
20914,__label__2,"Vonnegut at his most likeable: Vonnegut is one of those writers whom everybody either loves or hates--there's very little middle ground. He's like vanilla Coke.""Mother Night"" is situated right on that narrow little line. It's a book that just about anyone can enjoy, even the most ardent foes of Indiana's favorite son. It was his third novel and, as such, represents the sort of pre-caricature phase that ended with the breakaway success of ""Cat's Cradle"" two years later. Here you see Vonnegut at his most human and, in some ways, his most vulnerable as he switches off the bombastic humor and lets his reader see the man behind the curtain.Of course, the characteristic Vonnegut still shines through, but it's muted by a disarming candor about love lost and the stagnation it breeds. If you don't know anything about Vonnegut, this is a great place to start. If you love him, this book will make you melt. If you hate him, well, it might at least give you pause.",
20915,__label__2,Simply one of the best books I've ever read.: This book was awesome (not in the slang sense). The concept of one of America's being Germany's top Nazi stimulated my mind. The book tickled my imagination and made me realize just how happy I am to be me.,
20916,__label__2,"Mother Vonnegut: An interesting--almost crazy--ride through the later years of Howard Campbell, American-born, German playwright-turned-Nazi-broadcast propogandist, then-re-turned-American-spy.Vonnegut once said, humbly, his writing was just 8 to 10-line jokes strung together. There is slapstick and farce here; great fun and entertainiment. What saves this from craziness is Vonnegut's ability to write so well about noble things such as love and kindness, friendship and decency. So one laughs and one thinks and one feels as he reads here. . .and in almost everything else Kurt Vonnegut wrote.",
20917,__label__2,"Moving piece of literature...Vonnegut with another winner.: Mother Night is one of my favorite Vonnegut books, along with The Sirens of Titan and Hocus Pocus. It is different than the majority of his works, as Vonnegut does not rely on obvious comedy, or space travel. In this account of an accused Nazi war criminal, Vonnegut lets the reader deep within Campbell's mind, in order to allow the verdict to waver back and forth between guilty and not guilty. This is a brilliant novel, and it deals with issues deeper than Vonnegut lets on. A must for Vonnegut fans...",
20918,__label__2,"A very important book: This deserves to be a modern classic, right up there with Slaughterhouse Five, The Naked and the Dead, Catch-22 and 1984. It is a disturbing and relentlessly insightful book about the human condition. A man agrees to act as a Nazi propagandist during WWII in order to be able to transmit coded messages to the Allies. But when we look beyond the good intentions, there is still the question of which side he aids most - the side he proclaims to profess to, or the side he secretly tries to aid? As mr Vonnegut writes himself in the introduction: ""We are what we pretend to be, and therefore we must be very carful of what we pretend to be."" Read it - don't see the film.",
20919,__label__2,"A New Perspective On Nazi Germany: This book is fantastic. The plot itself is worth the price of the book but the ending will throw you for a loop, I know it did for me.The book is a very quick read and doesn't really have alot of historical facts or detailed descriptions. This book is no different than any other Vonnegut book in that its very ambiguos. We never find out why the Nazi's decided to give Campbell his own show or why the OSS decided to use Campbell as a spy.Despite this the book is a very fun read. Its funny and often hilarious (especially when describing aging racists in America). I would reccomend this book to any reader of any age. Its, quite simply, a good story.",
20920,__label__2,"A Book with an Important Message: In the end, you are what you pretend to be [so be careful what you pretend to be]... What a message. What an impact this book had on me... Many people might see a weak story here, and indeed I do, too, but the underlying message is highly important. And indeed, the books gets engaging at points by having a fast paced story at times, with a lot of... not action... but drama.",
20921,__label__2,"fantistic: kurt vonnegut is the man. this book is probably the most proper, and yes i mean proper. the tone, the characters and the plot are impeccable.",
20922,__label__2,"Vonnegut does it again!: ""Mother Night"" by Kurt Vonnegut is one of the best books ever written. Although not as publicized as some of his other works, it is definitely up there with the rest of them. This book would be an excellent read for anyone that likes books about espionage.",
20923,__label__2,"Nice deal.: I've been putting off making some cabinet doors for years and saw this bit set. It was exactly what I was looking for. The downside is that I needed a router table to use the set. Of course, I NEEDED a router table, everything's OK. I tried out the bits on some scrap wood and they worked as expected. Fast with no problems. The product arrived early with no problems.",
20924,__label__2,salt lamp: I bought 2 of these for my daughter and her husband to use on their nightstands. I like the soft light that it gives off. I hope they enjoy them.,
20925,__label__2,Awesome!!!!!!!!!! Fantastic Horror: The Doom Stone is jam packed with lots of creepy crawly stuff. A must read for all horror fans!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,
20926,__label__2,"A great book that you can't put down!: Doom Stone was a really good book! It is about a American boy, Jackson, who goes to Stonehenge with his Aunt Sarah. He meets a girl named Alma and they come face to face with a killing monster. Jackson's Aunt gets bitten by the killer. Jackson and Alma have to overcome their fears to help Jackson's Aunt return to normal. Some parts in this book were comfusing but it is a great book to read!",
20927,__label__2,SETTING:One the most creepy places on earth.....stonehenge.: The author is incredable. This is one the most suspincful and gory books I`ve ever read. With non-stop spine-tingling action,
20928,__label__2,"Doom Stone: Doom Stone is about a boy and his aunt going Manchester on an arceologica dig . On the way to see his aunt Jackson,the boy,saw something attacking a man. When he went back to help ,the man was dead.Later Jackson and some army guies tried to kill the creatur,two people died and Jackson's aunt was bitten by the creatur and started to go crazy.Later Jackson met this girl named Alma they founed a book that said how to kill the creatur.They had to say a spell to it and you'll have to read it to find out what happens next...",
20929,__label__2,"Doom: Guts, blood, hair flies, and a monster with clear skin is killing everyone around Stonehenge. Oh, sorry if I made you sick. If I didn't, you will be able to read this book DOOM STONE. In the book, a teenager and the gravedigger's daughter try to solve the monster mystery. The teens struggle to find the monster. The British army even goes in with them. They start shooting up the place. The monster is crazy and brutal and will gut you like a fish. If you get sick very easy you shouldn't read this book.I like this book because there is a lot of action, horror, and mystery. You should read this because it is awesome. I really recommend it.",
20930,__label__2,"StoneHenge: THE DOOM STONE is about a monster at StoneHenge. Jackson goes to StoneHenge to visit his grandma. On the way there Jackson sees a man being mauled by a hideous beast. As it turns out, Jackson's grandma has been investigating a series of mutilations in the area. Ramid, the monsters name has the ability to read minds. In StoneHenge, one stone called The Doom Stone is the monster's weakness and can kill it.",
20931,__label__1,"Stink-o-rama: This is a disapointing, [try] at an action romance story.It puts young Jackson against a freaky mucus covered monster who is only defeated when a shingle falls on it.",
20932,__label__2,"SIGNATURE COLLECTION HANDKERCHIEFS,13-PK WHITE: THE HANDKERCHIEFS ARE OF EXCELLENT QUALITY. I WOULD NOT HESITATE TO BUY MORE OF THEM",
20933,__label__1,These Are NOT 100 Percent COTTON!!!: I ordered what I thought were 100 percent cotton handkerchiefs. These are NOT--and I'm returning them to the manufacturer!,
20934,__label__1,signature collection handkerchiefs are polyester: I wanted cotton handkerchiefs. These are a polyester blend and have more of a polyester than a cotton feel.,
20935,__label__2,"candid, studio recordings, some of walters' best: From the deep reverb of ""high temperature"" to the rockin', driving rhythm of ""my babe"", this selection of cuts reveals Little Walters' breadth and command of the diatonic harp as well as the chromatic sticks. Little Walter was an innovator with the electronics-mic-amp-hallway combinations, great studio effects and as the lickin'-stick ""maestro"" produced the most full-bodied and extraordinary harp sounds and blues music of anyone--then or now. Contemporary harp players are still playing catch-up to this man. This CD is a must-have for fans of the ""southside Chicago"" 50's sound.",
20936,__label__2,"Another fine Bear Hunks CD: If you're a Bear Hunks fan, just get it. If you like music from the 1920's-1930's, you'll enjoy it, too. If you're unfamiliar with this period of music, but are open to new sounds, you will be pleasantly surprised.",
20937,__label__2,"Excellent value: My ex-wife had a collection of Stienbeck novels years ago and I really loved all of them, especially ""The Winter of Our Discontent"". Now, many years later, I called someone ""sugarfoot"" and thought of Stienbeck again so I ordered that book for my kindle (my phone). After that, I ordered this Short Novels collection since it was a much better value than buying them separately.",
20938,__label__2,"Well done: Another super group side project, this recording was very well done. Fast guitars, blast beats and insane screaming are all hallmarks of this Black Metal album. This is a combination of the modern take on Black Metal and the 1990's way of doing things. I recommend this album to anyone who has completed their collection of old Black Metal or who is listening to newer Black Metal. Be sure to check out Satanic Propaganda, Liberation and a cover of Mayhem's Buried by time and dust on the cd.",
20939,__label__1,"Where's the feeling??........: Just got my copy of this a few days ago. I've spinned this disc at least 5 times since then, and nothing seems to impress me. I love black metal(usually the primitive sort), and love Frost's drumming, but this album justs goes down sour! There a few fleeting moments(track 3), but other than, it leaves me cold(and not in a good way). If you are a fan of hyperblast death black metal(Marduk, Setherial, Dark Funeral), then you might like this. One good thing, the vocals, sound exactly like Satyr. I'm still hoping it latches on to me later, I hate wasting money on CD's!!!!!",
20940,__label__1,"Lame...: This is one of the worst black metal albums I've ever bought. I hate saying it here, becasue these guys are very talented. Frost rips it up, but I don't know if I've ever heard a disc with so little passion. The guitar sound BAAADDD, and not in a cool black metal way. This album sounds like a caricature of all the worst traits of black metal. I think that's the best way to put it.",
20941,__label__1,"No.: I can think of nothing right about this book. Its one redeeming quality is that it was not the movie based on itself; it was, however, only slightly less disturbing.",
20942,__label__2,Günter Grass: Die Blechtrommel: I received this item in a very timely fashion at a reasonable price. It was in better condition than stated. I am very pleased with my transaction. Recommended seller.,
20943,__label__2,"Watch out Goldeneye, you've got a good rival.: This game is the best spy game in a long time. In Goldeneye, the enemies just stand there and shoot at you hoping to hit you. Not in Winback. The Terrorists will wait for you to show your head and then blow you away. And, Goldeneye's dudes will shoot at you if they see you or not. Winback's will wait until they see you. Winback: Covert Operations offers an exellent training program to teach you all you need to know how to do in the game. The ""Crying Lyons""(the terrorists) show some artificial intellegence. Winback's multiplayer mode isn't as great, but offers more ways to challenge one another. Overall, if you were to buy Winback or Goldeneye, go for Winback. Goldeneye is horrible compared to Winback.",
20944,__label__2,"The WinBack reveiw: Win back is perhaps the best shooting game ever to hit my life. It's a game that is so realistic with a awesome storyline.If they would to make a movie, it would probably be greater than Termenator 3. I mean think about this game. It's exciting, because your thinkin is one of my team mates goona die. And the leader of your team, actually works for the bad guys. Now That's a Classic. This is a must have. Trust me if you see it get it. Dont waste your time renting it.",
20945,__label__2,"ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OF THE YEAR: THIS ACTION-PACKED GAME TAKES YOU TO NEW HEIGHTS OF EXTREME PLAYING. IT MAKES YOUR HEART POUND WHEN YOU TURN THE CORNER AND LOCK ON THE ENEMY WITH YOUR LASER POINTER UNTIL YOU FIRE A FEW ROUNDS AND KILL HIM. IT HAS SOME OF THE BEST GRAPHICS I'VE EVER SEEN. THE WEAPONS ARE COOL AND REALISTIC. YOU WIPE OUT THE ENEMY WITH YOUR HANDGUN, SUBMACHINEGUN, ROCKETS, M16(SECRET WEAPON), SILENCED HANDGUN (SECRET WEAPON), AND SHOTGUN. THIS GAME IS NONE OTHER THAN THE BEST GAME OF THE YEAR.(MY OPINION) IF YOU BUY OR RENT A GAME IN THE FUTURE, THIS IS THE GAME THAT YOU SHOULD GET!",
20946,__label__1,"Okay, but not worth the money: This game is bad. If you liked James Bond, like I do you might like this game. I disliked it because of the slow targeting and poor weapons. Some positives are the red dot scope, but don't be confused. James Bond's auto aim helps immensely this game requires many different buttons to be pushed. When you are shot you are incapacitated for about 1 and 1/2 seconds. Which is an eternity with how fast the computer fires. It takes forever to find your friends and when you do, they usually die. All in all this game is ok, but the storyline is bad.",
20947,__label__2,"Pretty Fun Game: I think this game is pretty cool, the game has a lot of good and interesting areas where the main character goes. And throughout the course of the game he sometimes must revisit areas. In addition I like the weapons used and the reality that the game brings to the average gamer like myself.",
20948,__label__2,"Pretty cool Game: This was a pretty neat game.Its cool cause the enemys show signs of inteligence! Its like Metal Gear solid for N-64.The reason its not 5 stars is because,I found this game to be VERY long and its very annoying playing this game if you dont have a save pack.Also Becasue There are all of 5 weapons in the game!It's a pretty cool game just not the best.",
20949,__label__2,"Not for the casual: This is a fun game to play, but it's freakin' hard. I've never been able to progress past the first level because I can't really make the adjustment from GoldenEye-style play to MGS-style play that you need to get along.Multiplayer is, however, a joy. The levels are small enough that it's pretty much constant mayhem for two players.",
20950,__label__1,"Wait for Perfect Dark: To sum up this game it should have been titled, GiveBack. Seeing as how I am about to give it back to the store I bought it from. It's poor on all accounts, graphics, game play, acting, camera work and above all AI. I have never seen such 'dumb' enemies. I have also purchased Medal of Honor for the PSX and it by far has the most intelligent enemies on a console game ever. If you are thinking about getting Winback, stop, rethink your decision and wait for Perfect Dark.",
20951,__label__1,"Don't buy it...: Don't buy this game. I've been playing it recently, and although the graphics and gameplay aren't bad, everything else is, especially the cameras. When you're playing, the automatic camera angles are horrible, and I find myself often readjusting them manualy. It becomes almost impossible to fight more than two other men at the same time without dying, because you need to see them to shoot them, and therefore have to readjust the cameras; two shots later and I'm dead. Quite frustrating. Also, the game only has 4 guns, a pistol with unlimited ammo, and shotgun with little ammo, a automatic but not very powerful rifle with limited ammo, and a rocket launcher, with only four rockets. There is also C4 explosives. This does not make for very fun gameplay. If I were you, I would put your money towards another first person shooter, such as GoldenEye 007 or something newer.",
20952,__label__1,"Winback lacks several qualities: WInback is a good game, but because of the difficlut controls, bad camera angles, and Jean-Luc's (your character) stupidity makes it only a so-so game.Because of the manuel cameral you have to continously switching the angles to see who you are shooting at (if any one at all), who's shooting you, or where youa re going so that you don't run into those damn lasers.Your character also lacks basic moves that almost every other 3rd person shooter has. He can strif (move from side to side), crawl, or even jump. the most impressive move he has is that his is allowed to crouch. you would thing that i specially trained, counter-terroist unit would atleast be able to preform those simple ablilties",
20953,__label__1,"Not His Best Effort: Unlike the other volumes in the Spellsong series, I felt the characters in Darksong Rising were predictable and offered no depth. It seemed that Anna is faced with the same issues she faced in the last book. The villains are all one dimensional, power hungry, bigoted males. While these characters no doubt deserve their punishments, I would not want to read about them over and over again. This book was a disappointment.",
20954,__label__1,"Poorly thought out: I enjoyed the first two in this series, but this one was, frankly, just stupid in places. Not only were the characters black-and-white cutouts rehashed from the previous books, but the sorceress herself was just plain dumb at times. If you know the Bad Guy uses huge drums to amplify his magic and you have this convenient spell that rains fire from the heavens, it might occur to any sentient being to hit the drums with the fire while the Bad Guy is asleep, instead of waiting until he wakes up and tries to defend himself. Apparently that's too much to hope for.Also too much to hope is moral ambiguity and any chance that someone the sorceress dislikes at first glance will turn out to be anything other than a Bad Guy (possibly temporarily tolerated for Political Purposes).I had high hopes for this series. Pity this book is in it.",
20955,__label__2,Review - This Hallowed Ground: Bruce Catton is one of the best history writers of the Civil War. He writes in a fashion that is easy to read yet leaves no doubt what he is saying. Very good way to enjoy history. It is almost like reading a novel.,
20956,__label__2,"Good overview of the civil war: I was half way through the first volume of Foote's epic 3 volume ""The Civil War: a narrative"" when I paused for a breather and read Catton's Hallowed Ground.So, compared to Foote's 3 volume The Civil War, Catton's Hallowed Ground provides a good overview of all the major battles in the Civil War. He had also included quotes from letters soldiers had written to family which I thought was a nice touch as it provided a different view of the civil war and illustrated how tough things were for them. What I also liked about Catton is that he had referenced the quotes and pointed to other books if you were interested in that particular regiment or battle.For someone new to the civil war, I would definitely recommend reading Catton's Hallowed Ground first then refer to Foote for more detailed description of the more interesting battles. However, as another reviewer here points out, there is a hint of bias in favour of the confederacy in Foote.",
20957,__label__2,"The best book for learning the Pagemaker program.: This book is easy to follow, easy to find answers and takes you from beginning to end in a painless fashion. It allows you to learn as much or as little as you want without wasting your time.",
20958,__label__1,"""Dont [spend] your Money"": I fell into the huge mistake of looking at the cover of""Roadsers""and thinking it might be cool!WRONG!When I finally recieved this game for the PS1,I put it in my playstation,and was let down right away!!!!The visuals ""[stink]"",and are horrible to watch!The game play is about as fun as watching flys on the wall!I for sure regret this purchase!What ever you do,dont fall in the same mistake I made,purchase""NFS High Stakes"",or""Test Drive Le Mans""if you want a good racing title!",
20959,__label__2,"Exceptional and Memorable Work of Cinematography....: First movie that I have seen in quite awhile that left very impressionable and positive images in my mind, for many days after the initial viewing.Lots of dedication, committment and a tolerance to another culture is clearly shown in this movie....excellant crew and list of actors and actresses!",
20960,__label__2,"Nowhere in Africa: I was watching a late night movie in Australia Nowhere in Africa and was enjoying it so much I reached over to my computer and went to Amazon to see if they had the DVD, and as I watched I ordered and paid for my own copy. It arrived a week ago Thank you Amazom.",
20961,__label__1,"Hmmmph!: Another timultuous love story concerning white people playing out against the harsh backdrop of the perrilously breathtaking Kenyan landscape. Sensitively handled, but doesn't really have that post-colonial edge which would have made it outstanding. The 'Africans' in this story are presented as little more than caricatured plot machinations, dragging the film toward its conclusion.",
20962,__label__1,"Subtitle Nightmare: Looks like a great film, only... can't understand a word. Germans hear and understand all the dialogue while those of us who know only English have to figure out what's being said and, more importantly, what's being felt. Subtitled questions go unanswered. Beware this DVD. My wife saw this film in a theater and swears the subtitles helped her follow the story. This DVD does no such thing. Know German, or else.",
20963,__label__2,"A Love Story: Although much can be said about Jews leaving Germany prior to Hitler sealing the border, it has all been said before.The thrust of this movie, pardon the pun, is the husband's desperation for his wife's love and support. He wants to be something and do something with his life and yet, here he is self-exiled to Kenya to sit on a farm. He wants his wife to desire him but she is aloof and remote. At times his quiet desperation is palpable.For me, this view was different and interesting with the back-drop being the age-old tale of the Holocaust (rather than at the forefront of the story).This tale will resonate with anyone who has been adrift at life from their home, their family and the person they love. Truly touching film.",
20964,__label__2,"Very good movie.....very bad subtitles!: I wasn't able to enjoy the movie as much as I would have if only the subtitles were adequate to support the power of the movie. As a result, I wasn't able to fully appreciate the deepness and complexity of this cultural diversified movie. Anyhow, I still would like to recommend this to everyone especially those who can understand German. Definitely an Academy Award material!",
20965,__label__2,Running Free: This was not the movie I thought it was or that I was looking for. It was a good movie though and me and my 9 year old liked it a lot.,
20966,__label__2,"Unexpected Pleasure!: Caught this unexpected pleasure, on a motel room T.V.. It is a rare, fasinating, high quality Cinematography, educational for all ages, and a highly unusual ""inside"" look into a horse's world! I'm ordering one for Doc Beeman, who is a world known equine vet,and the rest as gifts to myself, and grandchildren.",
20967,__label__2,"Set in Namibia?: This movie was filmed right near where I live and I'm really impressed with how it turned out. But I'm puzzled by why it says it takes place in North Africa... when actually it's South West Africa... but anyway, the photography is brilliant. The story is perhaps aimed more towards younger viewers, but it can still be enjoyed by the whole family.",
20968,__label__2,One of the best horse movies I've seen.: This is one of the best movie dvd's I've seen. If you love horses you simply must see this one. Very well done indeed. Thank you Amazon!,
20969,__label__2,great: good show. we really enjoyed it. I was a good family show. i think any horse person would love it.,
20970,__label__2,"Entertaining horse movie.: This movie is really entertaining and the acting is great. I really like the scene with the two little foals, Beauty and Lucky, playing together. I liked the girl. The scenery in Africa is stunning, too. The horses are beautiful. I got this movie for my sister's 12th birthday. She really enjoyed it too. Some scenes are scary and sad for kids under 7,(like when the stable is set on fire with the horses in it, and when Lucky's mother is killed by Caeser) which is one of the reasons that I gave Running Free four stars insted of five. The names where not very creative, most horses where named things like Lucky or Beauty. Also there is a couple parts where horses do things that a horse would not do,(like when Caeser kills Lucky's mother. A stallion would not in a million years kill a mare.) I like this movie, and it was only $6. Overall, this is a great movie to get if you want an interesting horse movie.",
20971,__label__1,"Not much Brigitte Bako: I was hoping to see a lot of Brigitte Bako. There is nothing to see. There are no ""bedroom scenes"". Unless clothed petting is offensive.",
20972,__label__2,"an excellent introduction to process algebra: Process algebra in general is not for the faint of heart. It is therefore no surprise that this book is at times difficult. However, for those interested in the formal analysis of concurrent systems, this is a very good introduction to the algebraic view.",
20973,__label__1,"might as well be in Greek: Basic primitives? Professor Milner, If you are writing a book for students, it helps if you make it comprehensible. We didn't all go to Cambridge.",
20974,__label__2,"The Politics of the Personal: The Masters concerns an election of the head of a college in England by the masters (professors) at the school. Snow skillfully illustrates to us the politics of small groups, and how very different those politics are from politics in a broader sense. This book is one of the Strangers and Brothers series, but it reads very nicely as a stand-alone work. The Masters is a good read, in which we follow the partisan manuvering of two factions seeking different candidates in the school election. Snow's style is straightforward, almost a latter-day Trollope, and his ideas are very insightful. This is a classic, which deserves to be more read.",
20975,__label__2,"no title: Another terrific book , supposedly the best in the series (""Strangers and Brothers""), but I think that several others are possibly better. And, really, it ends so dismally. Although I guess any other way would be too trite, and I'm quite sure that this is based on some real event in Snow's life, as I feel all the books are. The dons are all so sharply drawn, each clear in his own character. And the eating and drinking they constantly did! I guess they walked a lot. I loved it. The intrigues and politics that Snow writes about, are worthy of any Washington lobbyist. Except that here we are at Cambridge.",
20976,__label__2,"One Would Think This Book Might Involve More: How does an assortment of 13 professors at an English university choose the next head of their college? ""The Masters"" examines the personal and university politics that shape this decision through the narrative style of C. P. Snow. This captures a brainy professorial world through heavy reliance on complex and conditional dialogue, acute but unspoken observations, and highly abstract character analysis. Here's an example of his approach: ""His manner was deliberately prosaic and comfortable. He was showing less outward sign of strain than any of us; when he was frayed inside, he slowed his always measured speech, brought out commonplaces like an amour, reduced all he could to the matter-of-fact."" Still, the story, while minutely imagined, doesn't go deep. It's a tempest in a teapot.",
20977,__label__2,"A step back in time: I first read the Strangers and Brothers series years ago, and avidly went from one to the next. I vividly remember loving them, the situations, the people, the writing. So, I thought I would read them again, several decades later.I was struck by how very much of a time and place they are, and how the English reticence and manners in the first half of last century shaped the conversations and relationships in the novels.Much is made of a glance, a start, or an averted face.Events unfold in their own pace, and the life and customs living in Cambridge and within a college are detailed and evocative.The Masters is about the succession plans for the leadership in a college when the master is dying, and when he does die, how the decision is made by the fellows. It is decidedly a period piece, but once into it, there is something compelling about the world and the people created by Snow.",
20978,__label__1,Have not received it as yet: It has been a month since this order was placed I have not received it as yet,
20979,__label__2,"paula brings it.....: paula pours her heart and soul into this fun,high energy extravaganza.it's more than just your run of the mill concert,all the elements are there.great songs,a tight band,energetic dancers and of course amazing choreography.if you're not a paula abdul fan, you will be one after you watch this.",
20980,__label__2,If you love Paula Abdul...: ...then you've got to get this tape! This sensational concert was filmed in Japan while on the Under My Spell Tour. It's exactly what you would expect from Paula! The dancing is awesome; the whole show is great. You'll want to watch this tape over and over again!,
20981,__label__2,"Fun and informative book!: I ordered this book for my son, he is a budding scientist and fascinated with geology. He is really enjoying reading through the book. He is an advanced reader but the book is formatted to be easy for anyone to understand also. Nice book!",
20982,__label__2,"Wishful Thinking: I wish you would buy this book. You need this book. Everyone you know needs a copy of this book. The holidays are coming up. Birthdays, Anniversaries, Mondays. All good reasons to get this book and give it to someone you care about. Your life will be better for it--his or her life will be better for it--I promise. It's all about seeing the world clearly and loving it anyway, or rather, because.",
20983,__label__2,"Clewell arrives: This volume marks Clewell's arrival in the realm of poetry that contributes something substantial to literature. It's not as inspired on the whole as _The Conspiracy Quartet_, which is his best book to date, but it contains some of his best individual poems.",
20984,__label__1,"Mortyr - Just another Mortyr among all the horrible games: Mortyr is not the fun entertaining game that one may think it to be. It is much like the Doom and Wolfenstein games. It falls short compared to No One Lives Forever, Aliens vs. Predator, Deus Ex, and Unreal Tournament. This game is quite dull and there is barely any artificial intelligence between the enemies and the player. Hold out on buying this game. There are limited weapons. There are more anticipating 3D shooters out there such as Aliens vs. Predator 2 and Command and Conquer: Renegade.Gameplay = 6/10Graphics = 5/10Sound = 5/10Value = 5/10",
20985,__label__2,"A fantastic account, but the title is misleading: Parkman is one of my favorite authors, and the only thing I can add to what others have said in reviews before mine is that this is NOT a history told from the point of view of an emigrant - in fact, he views them (and nearly everyone else) with the disdain that only a Bostonian can render. So, although incredibly entertaining and informative, he does not travel the Oregon trail in the traditional sense but wanders far and wide from it, and does not cross the Rockies; so anyone looking for a narrative history of what it was like to travel the full length of the Trail might be disappointed.",
20986,__label__2,"Generally exciting account of the Oregon Trail: The Oregon Trail by Francis Parkman is an account which further enforces the history of the Oregon Trail we had learned about in [U.S. History] class. The book portrays what it must have been like to travel on the Trail, never knowing what the next day would bring. The buffalo hunting which took place throughout the book became monotonous and boring after the first exciting few, but other than that repetitiveness, the journey was well depicted. I especially enjoyed Parkman's in-depth descriptions given to the reader of the people he meets on his journey and his observations on their actions as well. His vivid imagery of scenes from nature such as animals, prairie landscapes, and the weather, place the reader right next to Parkman in his adventuresome expedition. There are some dull, repetitive points in the observations made by the author, but aside from that his autobiographical telling of his journey is unforgettable.",
20987,__label__2,Interesting: The book puts the reader on the wagon trains and provides great insight into the day to day travails of the Oregon Trail travelers.,
20988,__label__2,"Magnum opus: This is a lively, energetic and realistic account of life in the 1846 American West. Parkman's ""Oregon Trail"" is considered a timeless, historical masterpiece and rightfully so. Only twenty three years old, he and his friend Quincy Adams Shaw went west ""on a tour of curiosity and amusement to the Rocky Mountains"". Stopping off at Fort Laramie, we acquire a taste of what life was like there in those early days of overland emigrants, trappers, traders, Indians and ""ruffians"". He then spends time with the Sioux, observing and describing their behavior, culture and customs while in the Laramie Mountains and Valley, and the foothills of the Medicine Bow Mountains. From here, Parkman and Shaw travel down the front range of Colorado to Pueblo, Bent's Fort and back to St. Louis via the Arkansas River. Being a very descriptive writer, we gain an insightful and vivid look as to geographical landforms and the characters who lived in those days. Excellent.",
20989,__label__2,"Fun Sounds Motivate Interest in Learning Shapes: We bought this toy because we thought it would be a fun way for our daughter to learn shapes because she loves music. With conventional shape sorters, kids tend to just dump the shapes out or open the hatch and dump them in. Our daughter tended to get very frustrated as well! With this toy, once you put a shape in its cavity, you can press the animal to hear a lovely song or an animal noise. She adores it. The shapes are little mini rattles too that make a nice sound when you shake them. Our daughter learned how to turn the toy on and off and would say ""off"" when she turned it off. We bought this around the time our daughter started walking, and she loved toting it around with the convenient handle as well. The only negative is that your child may learn to press the small buttons behind each shape to get the music or noises without putting the shapes in.",
20990,__label__1,music morphed out: i purchased this when my child was a few months old. she loved it because of the sounds of the animals. as she got older she enjoyed putting the pieces in their places. i have returned it twice because it doesn't work. each time i change the batteries but it still doesn't work. i will return the second and call it quits. the concept is great and when it works it's good but now my child is 18 months and it frustrates her.,
20991,__label__2,"Great!!!: My daughter's teacher recomended this brand of reeds and are great, the help to produce good sound !!",
20992,__label__2,"Great gift for the enthusiast...: This makes a great gift for the car enthusiast. Nice references and illustrations to common automotive terms. I originally bought it as a gift, but later purchased one for myself too.",
20993,__label__2,Gift for a Saviour: The aroma presented by this massage oil has both calming and exotic flavor to the senses. As being a present worthy of the King of Kings I had never smelled the two scents in combination...Heavenly is my response and I highly recommend this for either personal massage or to bring to your own masseuse.,
20994,__label__2,"Fabulous product!: I would buy this product over and over again. I absolutely love it! Great fragrance and goes on smoothly. Lasts all day! Excellent product. I would recommend this product to all my friends and family.All Natural Frankincense & Myrrh Aromatherapy Oil - Zum Massage & Body Oil by Indigo Wild, 4oz.",
20995,__label__2,Great Product! Super Fast Shipping!: This is a great product! I received the shipment super fast! The product will go a long ways! You only need to use a little bit and the smell is heavenly. Thank you!,
20996,__label__1,"Too thick: I was looking for an everyday body oil but this is too thick for everyday use, but o.k. for massages.",
20997,__label__1,Did not meet my father's needs.: I bought this for my father who has severe hearing loss and wears 2 hearing aids. It really did not improve his ability to communicate over current phones that he has. Good feature was that it lit up when he received an incoming call. I will probably be looking into a captioning phone for him next.,
20998,__label__2,"Good product, Great service.: This phone works really well for my hard of hearing mother in law. The one she had before worked well for a long time. Hope this one does as well. Warner Radio was great to work with. There was a shipping issue that they corrected very promptly. Great service!",
20999,__label__2,A excellent phone: I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my mother who is very hard ofhearing. This was the best gift for her. She can now converse and understandthe person on the other end of the phone. The numbers are large and light up.The volume and tone is on the front of the phone and very easy toadjust. This is a great phone for an older person andI recommend it highly.,
21000,__label__1,"Static: Could be a characteristic of all amplified phones, but this one had static everytime the boost is used. Returned it.",
21001,__label__2,"Clarity XL- 50 was for my wife.: My wife was a little angry at first, but she uses it all the time at the present. Her use speaks for itself.",
21002,__label__1,"Machine didn't work: Granted this probably isn't the rule, but I received a non-functioning unit. I received no replacement, but did receive a full refund.",
21003,__label__1,"MC 5 -'Greatest Hits Live' (Purple Pyramid): Here's a disc that should've been titled 'Raw Live Cuts' or maybe 'Bootleg Bits Of Home Tapes'. The first three songs ""Rambling Rose"",""Kick Out The Jams"" and ""Come Together"" are of rather dismal sound quality, but rest assure, 'Greatest Hits Live' does get better. Decent sounding tracks would be ""Rocket Reducer #62"", the bootie-stomping ""Looking At You"", ""Human Being Lawnmower"", ""Borderline"",""I Want You"", and ""Black To Comm"". Keep in mind that these songs do have MUCH of a bootleg vibe to them. There are a few covers like James Brown's ""Cold Sweat"" and Cream's ""Born Under A Bad Sign"". It's more than safe to say that 'Greatest...' is aimed toward collectors and MC 5 completists.",
21004,__label__1,"Another disapointment: All MC5 fans are hoping that a concert as clean as ""Jams"" will someday surface. (W're also hoping that Electra will release the complete ""Jams"" sessions!) But this CD is just another collection of non-soundboard live recordings. Not too listenible and even less entertaining. So far the only postumous MC5 CDs worth picking up are ""Babes In Arms"", ""Thunder Express"" and ""Big Bang"".(MC5 fans should sniff out Rob Tyner's incredible solo swan song ""Bloodbrothers""!)",
21005,__label__1,"A great attempt, but quite possibly a lemon.: I bought one of these players two years ago. Within two months (fortunately during the warranty period), the lens knocked itself out of alignment, keeping the player from even seeking to the beginning of the disc. The Sony repair technician replaced the lens assembly, and all was well for about 6 months, after which the player developed a problem in which it would abort playback, clear memory, and reset the player. This happens when the player moves at all suddenly - not good at all for walking, and I wouldn't even CONSIDER jogging with it. Great sound, average battery life, almost unrivaled skip protection, but little to no reliablity in my case.",
21006,__label__2,Cool Looking & Great Sounding!!: Man! I just bought this CD player and it kicks some major butt! The CD player looks dope and the sound is great! Buy this player!!,
21007,__label__2,"Awesome Vitamin: I'm and older woman and have recently started running, I was having trouble with my knees. Several of the women I run with said I need to be taking glucosamine(sp?)so I bought some. Then one of the ladies told me about Joint Health and how it could take the place of all my individual vitamins but pretty expensive. I immediately went online and found it at Amazon for about half the price and it is awesome, been taking for about a month and it has made the world of difference. Love it. You can get a free sample at health food stores.",
21008,__label__2,Really Works: This I didn't noticed how well it was working until I ran out then I could really feel the diferance,
21009,__label__1,"Pretty, but not durable: I bought two sets of these glasses and so far, after only a few uses, two have broken. One in the dishwasher and one during hand washing. Perhaps the glasses I have were defective, but be forewarned that these are very fragile. That said, I do have other Riedel O (Merlot) and H2O (water/juice) glasses, and I've not had this same problem with those.",
21010,__label__2,"Beautiful!: Bought a set to start, loved them at first touch/glance. They are stunning and sure to impress. Bought another set within minutes of inspecting the first set. I've run them in the dishwasher now a number of times and have had no issues. They are dishwasher safe.",
21011,__label__1,not for us: My husband and I are Riedel fans and have lots of their stemware and smaller glasses. But this was a miss for us.Clunky shape and not easy to drink out of. Not a great design.Stick with their old standards!,
21012,__label__1,The order was misapplied: You sent too many glasses which was not what I wanted. Thanks for your time. This is just to add words to the note.,
21013,__label__1,"fascinating subject, but tiresome, irritating style: I'm very, very interested in mental illness, and a fan of first-person tellings of stories like this. But I found Mr. Neugeboren's writing to be incredibly irritating -- sentences with 4,5,6,7 or more commas -- parenthetical statements in the midst of far too many sentences. I found it to be tiresome and irritating. I have no way of knowing whether this is the author's natural writing style, or whether he's aiming for a poetic, disjointed sort of flow. In any event, it was a bummer to have so anticipated this book and have been so disappointed.",
21014,__label__2,"Perfect Fit: This came well packed, and is a perfect replacement for my 1999 Ford Explorer. Fits and looks exactly like the original!",
21015,__label__2,"Nice selection of Music from the late 50's and early 60's: In 1966, I was 30 years old. That makes me OLD when comes to evaluating Rock and Roll which in my opinion died in about 1968. This is right down the alley for music for people my age and I think the selection is great. Now, thanks to CD I can play this kind of music to calm me as I have to share the road with these infernal BOOM - BOOM ultra low frequency music being played so loudly by the younger generation. I would recommend this to those who remember when music was music and you could understand the words.",
21016,__label__2,F -Troop stands the test of time: I had forgotten just how funny F-Troop was. I am so glad I bought this collection. The DVDs are excellent quality and the price was great!,
21017,__label__2,F Troop Review: The best show ever to come on televisionI can`t wait for the next season to be released.,
21018,__label__2,"A Blast from the Past!: I'm glad I decided to buy the first season of F-Troop. It's like revisiting my childhood. Loved the show then, and still love it. Can't wait for the second season!",
21019,__label__2,"Oh, the Memories...: God, I loved this show!! It's a fun, wild look at the ""old west"" sterotypical style. ""Crazy Cat"" is the best. Real Native Americans were cast, which back then, was a first. Ken Berry gives a great performance of the bumbling captain. Worth the wait!",
21020,__label__2,"Great show: One of my favorite shows always funny, Nobdy make shows like this anymore.Had a crush on Wrangler Jane.",
21021,__label__2,"A good screwball comedy: F Troop was a good screwball type comedy that you can`t help but get a good laugh out of. In this show the west was really wild.Wildly funny that is. You will never find a bigger batch of loons than at Fort Courage, not even in congress.The boys in blue at Fort Courage are charged with protecting Kanasa from those blood thirsty injuns like Crazy Cat and RoaringChicken. But fortune favors the stupid, which in this case is both sides. As it says in the openning of the show, ""It`s wherepaleface and redskin both turn chicken"". The indians are more interested in selling blankets and bootleg booze than collectingscalps and if F Troop poses any danger at all it`s only to theirselves. They only thing they ever managed to hit with theircannon is their own watch tower.It`s good clean fun, or you might say instead of how the west was won, this is how the west was fun.",
21022,__label__2,"Excellent 60s Comedy!: The first season of F-Troop is very funny. The main cast and the secondary cast are all good. Larry Storch can make even the dumbest lines funny! The cast interactions are well done and even the smallest soldier parts are memorable.And can anyone deny that Chief Wild Eagle and his tribe aren't a lovable bunch? There are so very funny cameos, one by Don Rickles, that especially stands out. The first season works so well and looks great in black and white. It's a shame the the only other season changes things around so much and doesn't live up to this classic season.The only draw-back is the what seems like an extra-long beginning which the DVDs don't allow you to chapter jump through it! Also, the funny Medicine-man just disappears without any explanation within the first season. It takes awhile before the show rebounds from his loss.",
21023,__label__2,"F Troop-Season 1: Enjoyed the craziness .All the actors were excellent in their character portrayals.Truely a welcomed break from the more ""modern"" brands of so-called humor.Those that have passedon,left a very special legacy.Hopefully,season 2 will soon be available to collectors.Long live the ""old man""..!!!",
21024,__label__2,"IT IS DIFFICULT NOT TO LIKE AND ENJOY THIS ONE.: The bright, large and, I might add, accurate, illustrations in this book are great, eye catching and very, very well executed! The story line is simple, a kitten who is searching for her purr. Her encounter with the barnyard animals keeps the story moving. The text is well matched with the illustrations. This is a cute warm story and is an excellent one to read with your young child. Recommend this one highly.",
21025,__label__1,"not useful as a wildlife guide: This book includes more of a random assortment of animals, like viruses and starfish, and not just urban animals. There is no mention of what distinguishes an urban habitat from any other. Many entries aren't specific enough about where you can actually find each animal, or what it eats. The mammals and bird sections are pretty good, almost good enough to buy the book. This should have been a larger book about all animals; it is misleading to label this as an urban wildlife guide.",
21026,__label__2,OEM HP toner cartridge: The toner cartridge arrived on or before it was due and in perfect condition. It was exactly as represented by the seller.,
21027,__label__2,"OEM is best: I glad I finally bit the bullet and bought an OEM cartridge. I have been using refurbished toner cartridges with both good and bad results. I decided to buy a new cartridge because I was tired of gambling with the quality of my documents and don't have time to mess around sending poor-quality cartridges back, taking the chance of getting another bad one. For me, the price is worth the quality.",
21028,__label__2,"I really enjoy my ibook: this is my second review on this laptop. I have always admired apple, just for their customer service their stuff and their hardware. When I first recieved an ipod mini, I just had to discover what other things this so called company Apple made...It just so happens that I've had my ibook for almost a year now and I really really like it. The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because i think it could be much better if it were faster and had more RAM. I'm actually gonna get more installed in about a week, I'll update my review then. But yeah, the ibook is great for anyone who just needs a laptop do do schoolwork on create music, listen to music. My job actually requires that I do much more demanding things with music files, so I might just get a faster powerbook intstead. But if u don't need fast and the furious, I totally reccomend the APPLE IBOOK G4! Its great!",
21029,__label__1,"Great computer when it works...: I love Mac OS X, but I've found my ibooks not worth the hassle and sacrifice I've had to make to keep using them. On 3 ibooks in 2 years, I have had 6 logic board failures (the computer crashes and will not boot, and repair takes weeks), two broken CD drives, and I have had Apple twice break my computer (they offer to re-repair it but it takes weeks usually, since they tend to be out of parts every time I get something repaired). I've called Apple a million times but they refuse to replace the computer or offer any type of refund. As nice as ibooks are when they work, theyre not worth $1000 plus frequent repair and many weeks a year without a computer. I recommend a Dell or something until Apple gets its act together.",
21030,__label__1,Very unhappy with Apple customer service: Bought an ibook and when i cleaned the screen with plain water and damp rag it left many small white spots.Calling them was terrible. Can't get an RMA and it's only 2 weeks old.,
21031,__label__2,"Great computer, Great price!!!: you need to try this computer, it's great ... this is my 2nd apple, and I am very satisfied... I had a 15 inch apple, but bought this one, because it's size is more ideal for traveling.. I'm glad I bought it at amazon, for their FAST free shipping, and with the rebate, this is the place to buy the 12 inch Apple Ibook...",
21032,__label__2,"Apple's latest home run: The new 12"" iBook has everything you need in a super-portable laptop. It's 20 percent faster than the model it replaces and 20 percent cheaper, with a hundred-buck price cut and wireless networking included.The iBook features a brilliant, small screen, 4+hour battery, 4.9 pounds, an array of fast ports, industry-leading styling and the best repair record in the industry, according to Consumer Reports. Reliability and service is especially important with temperamental laptops. Apple laptops also never come with the cheap integrated graphics you will find on similarly priced PC products.There also are the usual MAC bennies: No viruses to worry about, no spyware, no pop-up ads with Safari, faster, cleaner, smarter software, painless connections to printers and networks, and the coolness factor to boot.",
21033,__label__1,"Perfect for people who never intend to use it: Apple makes some of the best computers in the world. Many years ago this was one of them. Today it is an outdated piece of plastic. I bought this computer about four years ago and it was low-end then. I just replaced it because it crawled like a slug. I guess in order to have a ""low priced"" computer Apple figures it can just keep selling it's most out of date systems until people catch on. Oh well, I recognize that like any big company they are in this for the money.The only plus I can give it is size. If you don't want to use a computer and you need to keep it in a small drawer, then this may be what you are looking for.",
21034,__label__2,Simple and Beautiful: Many said the transition from Windows to Mac would be too difficult but it was the exact opposite. Mac OS X is easier to use than windows and the computer runs excellent. The design is absolutely beautiful and I will never go back to a regular PC.,
21035,__label__2,"awesome: This is a great computer. Sure you can get a laptop cheaper, but it will run windows...who want's that? Apple has a great machine here. It's fast, portable, and it just looks cool. Get the 512 upgrade though...you'll use it!",
21036,__label__2,"Fluted edges make for pretty separators: Wilton continues to be the gold standard of cake decorating supplies. Unlike plain, smooth white separators, the scalloped edges make it a lot prettier, esp. if you have matching separators in diff sizes for the diff layers. I like using the Roman column pillars in between (you have to get the Wilton ones in order to make them fit well). I did have to go online to get tips & directions on how to use the separators w/ the pillars but stacking them that way makes for very impressive looking cakes for any occasion, with or without much color or fancy piping.",
21037,__label__1,"Disappointed: Yet another mediocre addition to an already saturated market of casino based games. This game brings nothing new to the table. The graphics are very redundant and do very little if nothing to take advantage of the 2D/3D hardware which is present in the majority of gamer's machines at present. Bottom line, too little too late.",
21038,__label__1,Why?????: This is possibly the cheesiest card game i've ever seen. Trust me and stick to the freecell and solitaire that comes with windows. Don't waste your money on this.,
21039,__label__2,"Intriguing book: I wanted to understand the differing philosophies of women from these 3 different religious backgrounds. This book does a wonderful, non-judgemental job of presenting their thoughts and conclusions concerning women's role in the home, the workplace and the church.",
21040,__label__1,"Ugh: I purchased this hoping to read something interesting and the author is pretty set in her own beliefs being right and those she is ""studying"" being wrong. I want to throw this book pretty much every time I pick it up. If you are buying it now and expecting it to be relevant, it is full of research from the 70's and 80's and written in the 90's and truly views conservative women as needing to be fixed. Not worth the angst. Pick a different book.",
21041,__label__1,"Outmoded and Often Inaccurate: Of all the Herbert Norris books I have read, this one suffers the most from his preconceptions and inaccuracies. It is also the one that has suffered most from the passage of time, as subsequent archaeological research has revealed errors in what was considered, in Norris's day, to be ""factual"" information about costume. The best thing about his book, in my opinion, is the meticulous line drawings of brooches and other items of period jewelry, but again, more recently published works contain excellent, full-color photographs of the same or similar specimens. Read this book if you enjoy Norris's style, but do not accept anything in it blindly as much of it is plain wrong.",
21042,__label__2,"A mixed bag of hilarious genius and convoluted atrocities: All in the Timing has 14 plays in it, but not all of them are of equal caliber. Thankfully, the 7 original plays of this collection are ingenious and hilarious enough to warrant the price of the book. However, the 7 other plays Ives added to this volume are ill-exectued at best, and simply ill-conceived at worst. The good plays are worth it, but be warned.",
21043,__label__2,"Great reading fun!!!: Escape to world that mocks the closed mind! Even though he could delve a little deeper into his pokes at great literature, David Ives does a great job at weaving in Shakespeare and other literary works into his hilarious plays. ""Bathroom humor"" maybe, but raised to an art form! I enjoyed it a lot.",
21044,__label__2,"Taking the English Language to an Art Form: In these days of cookie-cutter plays, where an intellectual evening is watching David Copperfield making his career disappear, it is refreshing to read anything that challenges one to think. All In The Timing succeeds, with Ives mastery of the English language and timing being the key to the cleverness of the play. These series of plays are not slap-stick, nor are they Checkov, but an intellectual medium for one who has apparently a bit ahead of his time. While some will find the read of some of the plays difficult (The Universal Language and Phillip Glass Buys a Loaf of Bread). These plays, in particular, are for enjoying on stage, rather than read. But for the most part, this collection is an enjoyable evening of intellectual theater.",
21045,__label__1,"Looking at the script from a director's point of view: I bought this script because it is on my community theatre's schedule to perform in March. I was very surprised with how I little I liked the script in its entirety. I am familiar with Sure Thing because I worked on it in college, and was expecting more of the same...quick witted, funny pieces that would easily make for a night of entertainment. Honestly, due to content and language, I don't see how we can perform many of these plays on our stage. I know that the scholars are going to bash me, but from a director's point of view, I vote to shelf this one. No audience is going to want to sit through all 14 of these plays when most won't make much sense to them. They want to be entertained and walk away with a thought other than confusion at the end of the night. This script is perfect for college theatre, but that doesn't make me like it any more.",
21046,__label__1,"Well I seem to be alone: As an actor involved in the production of several of the plays from all in the timing, while I've found that the plays certainly are all memorable, and very clearly written by an INCREDIBLY intelligent person, far too often these plays suffer from being flat out unfunny. No, theyre not unfunny. The jokes just, far too often, come, and simply refrain from BEing funny. It's unfortunate. The Universal Language is a play that is always FUN to do, and one that will never leave peoples brains, but it's not entertaining because of any wit. This is what tends to happen to Ives. He gets going, and write a great play, but the characters don't have much depth, are not particularly interesting to play, and don't manage to actually be comical too frequently, so it's really not worth it to want to participate in the plays. (With the GRAND exception of The Death of Trotsky)",
21047,__label__1,"junk.: Maybe a professional could put this on, but this thing was impossible to apply, I had to throw it away. The back wax paper that its stuck to isn't cut in the middle so you can peel half off, so you have to try to cut it yourself. Terrible. Unless you are or are taking it to a professional, pass this one by.",
21048,__label__1,"Racist through and through: Wolfe hero worships the Irish, and all others rank below them.The Irish detective Martin, DAs Fitzgibbon and Caughey can do no wrong. The Italians, Jews and Wasps have their good points, but are flawed in one way or another. At the bottom are the ""dark people"" as Wolfe constantly calls them, who have created a great, dark hole in our once-great society. There is the single exception that proves the rule of the black public defender, though the narrative implies that his legal skills are inferior.Granted it's an entertaining read, but don't be fooled.",
21049,__label__1,700+ pages of buncombe: i accidently entered the same review twice. I guess there's is no delete button.,
21050,__label__1,"uhh..?: This book is so incredibly overrated its sickening. its mainstream tripe for the philistine reader of our age.But I give this 2 stars instead of one, only because I suppose it will be good treadmill exercise for the reader that doesn't read much and wants to make themselves feel literate.",
21051,__label__2,GREAT MASTERPIECE: Deliciously skewers liberalism. Only a smug liberal couldn't understand or enjoy the fun.,
21052,__label__2,"One of the Best Books of the Century: This book is a great achievement in portraying the life and prosperity of the 1980s. The story involves characters that are not bigger than life. Through reading the decline of Sherman McCoy, one comes along a strongly written novel. At times you come across some of the funniest writing in English. Tom Wolfe is a genius.",
21053,__label__1,"One star for the General Books LLC version: My one star review is for the General Books LLC version and relates to the low quality of the publication. Check the publisher of the version you're buying before you place your order.General Books LLC created this book using automated OCR scanning. There are numerous typos and there may be missing pages. There's absolutely no editing done (the publishers website states this clearly). Overall, very poor quality at a higher priced than much better imprints from genuine publishers that actually edit their books. (Incicentally, the version you see when you ""Look Inside"" is from another publishers printing of this book).Unfortunately, General Books LLC is flooding Amazon with these low quality imprints. You've been warned.",
21054,__label__1,"Poor Quality: There are a huge number of typos that are very distracting and frustrating. As stated by other reviewers, multiple words in a row are smushed together and there are random symbols floating around the pages. I recommend going to a used books store or something similar to get the book, because this version is not worth the money.",
21055,__label__2,I read this book.: I read this book. It is least boring of the two Tom Wolfe books I have read. Perhaps I will read it again some day.,
21056,__label__2,"A Window on History, Although Fictional: I read this because someone said that today's events are hauntingly similar. I found the plot to be fascinating and let other things go until I finished the book.",
21057,__label__2,"New York's Greatest Portrayal: Tom Wolfe has a magical touch for breathing life into non-fiction, as in The Right Stuff, but in Bonfire of the Vanities, his skill as a novelist and a satirist is blatantly evident. This bleak and witty portrayal of New York life in the eighties is both hilarious and dark at the same time. Wolfe's characters represent the spectrum of human behavior, while his situations are riddled with ironies and paradoxes of truth about human existence. This book is most enjoyable, I would imagine, if you have at least some knowlege of New York, because much of its humor and depth stems from New York culture, but it is also true that New york is a micrchosm of american existence on a whole, so Bonfire of the Vanities may, in fact, be a universally American Novel. Whichever, it is worth reading if not only for the reason that it is funny, brilliantly written, and makes clear the fact that Tom Wolf's name belongs on the list of satirists that includes Jonath",n Swift
21058,__label__2,"I know it's cheesy to say this, but I couldn't put it down!: This not only happens to be my favorite Tom Wolfe book, but my favorite book period. The plot is exciting and realistic. Readers will relate with every single character depicted here. And no one matches Wolfe's descriptive capabilities. What the rest of us would need a million words to say, Wolfe manages to express with a few key and very visual phrases. So far, there isn't a book I've enjoyed more.",
21059,__label__1,"I didn't put it down...: ...but I easily could have. Bleah. Dull and racist. I am not much of a Tom Wolfe fan at this point, having read and been bored by both ""A Man in Full"" and ""Bonfire."" I admit laughing at and being impressed by the vivid characterizations--the prose and powerful description does keep you going, but the plot definitely does not.",
21060,__label__1,Maybe it was Hip in the 80's .....: But it falls flat in the 90's. I grew up in NYC during the 80's and I remember the fear and the bizarre crimes that took place then so I understood the climate that the book was written in but Tom Wolfe just dragged everything out to the point that I had to simply skim it to get through it.I know many people loved this book but I really felt it was dated and the writing was bland.,
21061,__label__1,"Horrible disappointment: Perhaps I expected too much after hearing so many good things about this book. But I found it one of the most dull works of fiction I've ever read. I admit that Wolfe does has a prescient insight into the 80's greed mentality. But the writing and his use of language is sophomoric at best. This is one ""best-seller"" that clearly plays to a mass audience, but completely will be forgotten with time.",
21062,__label__1,"an out of towner's attempt to depict NY: A poor disjointed sketch of New York.This book came to me with great recommendation.Terrible disappointment.Characters not developed fully but left up in midair.Lots of cliches.Describes Bronx like an out of towner from Utah or somewhere,typical white reaction to black abodes.If police story is what you want, read Joseph Wambaugh.Honest stories, not grandiose cocktails of Bond Millionaires and Attornies.For cynicism and society parties, watch Woody Allen.No one person ,not even Tom Wolf can sketch a true picture of New York.He has seen the tail of the elephant,the other blind men have seen the rest.New york is too big for writers to do justice.",
21063,__label__1,"Dark, bleak, dirty and dead: I have not bothered to read the last 100 pages of this book because the firtst 450 are just filled with self-serving, hypocritical, lying ogres. Everyone is either living a lie, milking the system, or worse. If you want to read about a corrupt world, where idealism is dead, pickup this book and read away.",
21064,__label__1,Totally defective: The book was defective. chapters repeated themselves or were skipped all together. Evidently there was something wrong with the printing of the book.,
21065,__label__2,"An amazing romp: An amazing romp through 1980s New York, Wall Street, the court system, and the lives of the rich and aspiring to be rich. Through the downfall of wall street trader Sherman McCoy, Wolfe brings the reader into the psyches of his characters, forcing one to sympathize with even the most despicable. In the process, he helps us to understand humanity. Highly recommended.",
21066,__label__2,"Still Relevant and Exciting: I have seen so many passing references to Tom Wolfe's first novel, Bonfire of the Vanities, as a modern classic, that I thought I should finally read it (I never saw the movie either); yet, I was worried that, in the 24 years since its publication, it might have become dated and irrelevant. I had no need to worry. The New York City and Wall Street of the 1980s has not changed much and with the focus of the 2008 great recession as a new point of reference, Bonfire of the Vanities has an immediacy that belies the passing of a quarter of a century. The characters and the situations related in the novel are contemporary, and above all, the book tells a very, very good, indeed exciting, story. It is easy to predict that Bonfire of the Vanities will remain in print indefinitely and will continue to be read by readers like me, who value good and pleasurable writing, centered around plausible and relevant plots. I now plan to watch the 1990 movie adapta",ion sta
21067,__label__2,"Master of the Universe: Sherman McCoy, a 39 year-old white Wall Street bond salesman, self described ""Master of the Universe"" lives on Park Avenue, he is married with a daughter and is a member of high society. He also has a hot chick on-the-side Maria. On their way home one Tuesday night they make a wrong turn and end up in an abandoned seedy side of the Bronx. Two black guys walking down the street offer their assistance ""Hey buddy, you need some help?"", Sherman and Maria sure they're being set-up, panic and end up bumping into one of them with Sherman's Mercedes and then speed away without reporting it. It all blows up when one of the black guys turns out to be severely injured and the press, police and the mayor get involved in political issues involving race and class. The writing is so great that even in 2010 a story that was written 20 years ago still seems fresh and relevant. Kudos big time!",
21068,__label__2,"Great book: Well written, kept your interest all the way to the end. The story showed how far man would go for his vanity.",
21069,__label__2,"A classic that I'm glad I re-read: Great characterization and, as a native NY-er, accurate portrayal of times- still true today! Would make a great movie.... anyone?",
21070,__label__2,"Great style, interesting characters, but what's the point?: Wolfe's innovative descriptions of the '80s New York culture is the strength of this novel, yet is not enough to excuse the completely disappointing epilogue. Apparently pulled from another story, this ending contradicts all evidence and character development that 99% of the wordage strove to build. Attempts at making a statement about racism, politics, and justice is thrown out in leiu of a disappointing synopsis that downplays every sympathetic character while the story's villians prosper against all reason. The epilogue offers no resolution, and thus, makes no statement. Imagine sitting through every day of the O.J. Simpson trial and being deprived of a verdict. Fortunately, Wolfe's style makes the bulk of the reading easy enough to digest, but in the end you have to wonder why this book was ever written.",
21071,__label__1,"General Books LLC Version of this book is a joke: I've only read the first 100 pages and the book is excellent. The publishing of the book is unbeleivably bad, however. I can't even believe they could sell such a thing. There are probably 20 types per page. ItIsVeryCommonForWordsToBeSmashedTogetherlikeThis. W often appears as \V. 8 1/2 appears as 8V2. If you appreciate puzzles you may like this version, but if you actually want to know the story as Tom Wolfe intended it, you should skip this version and anything published by General Books LLC.",
21072,__label__1,"Funny, but shallow: I used to live in New York City, so I thought Tom Wolfe was right on target in describing its politics and different social scenes, and satirizing them. However, I couldn't relate to any of the characters; they were far too stereotypical and not enough like real people for my taste. You had your token Irish cops and pols, your token Italian pol/mafiosos, your token Upper West Side Jewish intellectual lawyers, and your token doofus WASP stockbrokers and socialites. I wouldn't be surprised if some people found these depictions insulting. Maybe I'm personalizing this, but it's also almost as if Wolfe is saying that if you don't fit any of these stereotypes, you can never be a true ""hip"" New Yorker. I would have found this book more interesting had the characters been much more complex.",
21073,__label__1,"General Books LLC edition is a bootleg.: This edition, all in italics, is full of typos because it is the result of scanning Bonfire of the Vanities and then reprinting it using OCR (optical character recognition) software. I'm no lawyer, but this seems really sketchy. Regardless of the legality, the typos and italics make it hard to read. Don't buy into this scam.",
21074,__label__1,"wish I could have SEEN the book: I ordered two books (after hearing a review on NPR) for guys who travel a lot. NO way can I give them a book nearly two inches thick, almost 700 pages, and weighing a ton. So sad.",
21075,__label__1,Damage understated: I thought that the use was well understated. I received the book and the jacket was practically falling to pieces.,
21076,__label__2,The best!: I originally read this book in my bathroom around 1-3am every night til done back in the late 80s (pregant too!). What more can one say?,
21077,__label__2,"A Change in Perspective: For me, at the beginning there was an intrest in how all of these people related together. What could a Bronx defense attorney have to do with this guy that makes a ton of money on Wall Street?Sherman McCoy had a demanding presence throughout the book. He is the elusive millionare that everyone wants to be. He seems to have everything...what could possibly go wrong?Then there is his mistress. She is cheating on her husband, but seems otherwise harmless. It turns out she just may be the sneakiest of all.I cannot believe how the justice system was run in this book. What Kramer did was crazy. I felt it really gave me an inside look at what really happens and how people try to win over their consituants. Poor Sherman just got lost in the shuffle. A great read!",
21078,__label__2,"Classic Wolfe Novel: I ended up reading Bonfire after reading ""Man in Full"" and ""I am Charlotte Simmons."" All three have a similar style and feel about them. I thoroughly enjoyed all three, including Bonfire. The difference in Bonfire is that at first I didn't care for any of the characters. In fact, all the main characters leave a bad taste in your mouth. Later, as the plot unfolds, some of those feelings change. It is a tribute to the author's excellent writing and grasp of human nature that even though I disliked the characters, I was drawn to them and their story. Its like a New York version of a Greek tragedy except it unfolds over the course of a majority of the book. The characters seem real--the story seems real and you end up rooting for the protagonist despite his many flaws. This is the Great American Novel--the kind that is rarely written these days. Bonfire is a book that will continue to be read 100 years from now--a modern classic. Highly recommended.",
21079,__label__2,"A wonderful classic: I loved this book from the first line to the last, it is an unparalleled, ironic and insightful foray into the New York psyche in the 80s, a page turner, a mind opener and a good laugh -- in short it is one of my favorite modern NYC classics, and I highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't read it yet.",
21080,__label__2,"Awesome: Awesome! A realistic novel of the first order!Tom Wolfe brings to life such vibrant and engaging characters, intricately intertwining their lives with the social conscience of the American reader.As the legal drama of the century unfolds in the South Bronx I couldn't help but be sucked into the McCoy case, ripping through chapters as New Yorkers undoubtedly ripped through Peter Fallow's articles!",
21081,__label__1,"Great book, bad Kindle edition: I already own this book, just purchased the Kindle edition and it is disappointing. It just looks like a badly scanned pdf.",
21082,__label__2,"Succumbing to concupiscience...: Tom Wolfe understands human nature. He skewers just about every character in this scathing satire, revealing their hidden motives vis a vis their outward actions. Pride seems to be at the root of everyone's shameful conduct in this novel. Tempted to forget about fallen human nature? You'll remember after reading this one; I recognzied my own sordid manipulations and rationalizations in Wolfe's well-crafted characters. The book's not preachy, though, and it's funny; I laughed out loud a number of times.",
21083,__label__2,Love it!!!: One of the best books I've ever read. Can't believe I waited so many years to read it. Love it.,
21084,__label__2,"This is a terrific manager's resource.: Bill Lee has done something truly remarkable. He has written a book that while jam-packed with practical information for managers, reads like a best-seller. I couldn't put it down. The author writes in such a direct and engaging way that the experience of reading this terrific book feels almost as if you are having a conversation or consultation with him. The book has 30 chapters. Master them and you will put 30 top-notch management tools in your briefcase. This author clearly knows his stuff, and he knows how to explain it with no wasted words. The six appendices are worth the price of the book alone. If you are -- or would be -- a manager who would like to work more effectively, achieve at higher levels, and get better results on your bottom line, the first thing you should do is get yourself a copy of ""30 Ways Managers Shoot Themselves in the Foot."" You won't regret it.",
21085,__label__1,Still boring catchy music from m2m: well i don't they take them seriously but allright these two girls are tennagers and need some sort of time to refine there music.this is some kind of mainstream pop music you will se them today but in about five years i don't think so.,
21086,__label__1,Mirror Mirror: I need to know the words in this song so I know what it is like before I buy it. The reason I did rated this CD with one star is because I've never heard it before.,
21087,__label__2,marvel book: this item that i purchased from amazon.com was great. it got to on time and it was everything that i needed. it has lots of information on marvel charecters and would a great book for any fan.,
21088,__label__2,"Marvel Encyclopedia: This book was in perfect condition and arrived promptly. I could not have been more pleased, nor could my grandson!",
21089,__label__1,"Only Marvel: I love the book I have the DC version of the book and I loved it. So when Marvel finally did one I was jumping for joy. Until I got the book and I started to read it. their are so many typos and things wrong with it. Some one was not doing there job when editing the book. And Im not just talking oh a little thing in a character bio or characters missing. I'm talking characters with the names of others and the bios of other characters. Its so bad I thought about sending the bookback.If anyone else out there with the book has the same issue I would love to know,I have a friend with the same problem with the book. But he didn't purchase it from Amazon. Can anyone Tell me what I should do if I want to get a new one. Do I go through Marvel or Amason?",
21090,__label__2,"The Marvel Encyclopedia: A good introduction into the Marvel Comics Universe. If you are looking for a particular character, this is a great way to start.",
21091,__label__2,Packed full of Info/pictures/stories: I bought this book as a gift to my brother who is heavy into comics and graphic arts. He started reading it right away and could not put it down. I Thought he knew most of the characters but I guess not. Any comic book fan should get this.,
21092,__label__2,"The Best Encyclopedia, But...: I'm a big fan of the DC one. So when I saw that DK was putting a Marvel one together, I was looking forward to it. Well, it delivers for the most part. In my opinion, I think they left out too many characters. The DC one was more thorough. But all the impotant characters are in it. The art work is straight out of the comics. Everything is formated very nicely, and it's also better than any of the Marvel encyclopedias before it. For the price you can get it for on Amazon, it's a no-brainer!",
21093,__label__1,"It's not an encyclopedia: There isn't enough information on individual characters. (There are a lot of them, and there are pictures, but the pictures take up some much space that there's none left for details.)",
21094,__label__2,"Well worth the cost!: I'm mostly an X-Men fan, so this book has a lot of info that is new to me and therefore i find it very informing and entertaining.Surely it has some minor mistakes and lack of details, but the whole presentation, the printing quality and the artwork are simply perfect.After all,the Marvel Universe is so vast that one book alone could never cover it.At the end, all you get is a sincere effort,great for new readers and well worth its cost!",
21095,__label__2,Great Book: I bought this book for my son who loves all of the Marvel characters. He reads it every day and is discovering many characters that he did not know previously. He especially likes all of the details and pictures. There is much detail about each character in an easy to search alphabetical order. A very complete book for Marvel lovers and those just discovering them.,
21096,__label__1,"incomplete and inaccurate: I loved the DC Encyclopedia and expected the Marvel Encyclopedia to be of equal quality, so I bought it without even cracking the spine. I would expect this to be incomplete and it is: after all, there are just too many Marvel characters for one affordable volume. But in too many instances it's also inconsistent (some entries are up to date while others ignore the events of the last year or two), flat out inaccurate or incomplete. The weight that key characters are given is also arbitrary: why does Thanos (a current, key villain in many titles) get 1/6 of a page when Jarella (the Hulk's dead girlfriend from the 1970s) gets half a page. Ridiciulous. They obviously never handed this to a fan to proofread - an easy and obvious move.",
21097,__label__1,This book sucks!!: I was really disappointed in this book. Many facts were wrong such as first appearances of many of the characters as well as powers were entered incorrectly. Also some major characters had a small amount of room while almost no-names ad half a page. I realy enjoyed the DC Cmics Encyclopedia that DK put out. The Marvel book really let me down. I atually regret buying this book.,
21098,__label__2,"My comic loving boyfriend, loved this book: I don't know much about comics, but my boyfriend said it was the best gift I had ever given him. We have been dating for 7 years, so it was saying a lot.",
21099,__label__2,The Marvel Encyclopedia: For a used book it was in very good share. the book cover was torn on the top and bottom edge but that is to be expected.,
21100,__label__2,Keeps the kids entertained: My kids are young (girl-3 and boy-5) but they love going through the pictures and asking me to read about each superhero's powers. Really feeds their imagination. My daughter favorite super power is strength (like in the Incredible Hulk) and my son's is producing fire. Mine is flying. Wooooosh!,
21101,__label__2,"Awesome book for fully understanding the Marvel Universe: This is one of the best superheroe books ive ever read, very well explained and pictured, recomend it to every Marvel fan.",
21102,__label__1,"lame and wrong: I was so delighted to get this book, but my happiness lasted until I read the first page. They mixed up characters with the picture of one and the entry of another. Example: Belladonna, the picture is Belladonna, Gambit's ex, but the entry is Belladonna, the minor Spiderman villian, there are other examples. Get the Official Handbooks if you want ACCURACY!! Believe me, they're much more reliable and more worth it!",
21103,__label__2,"Not just for comic book fans: To begin with, I am not a comic book reader. I am, however, a fan of several animated TV shows that feature Marvel characters(X-Men, Iron Man, Spiderman & His Amazing Friends, etc). I wanted to know the back story on them, so I got this book (along with the DC Encyclopedia).The characters are featured in alphabetical order. We are given a brief but detailed history along with at least one illustration. There is also a profile that lists their ""real"" name, occupation, height, weight, eye/hair color, & a list of their powers or talents. The more prominent the character, the larger their layout is.The hardcover is fairly large. I have looked through it several times & have learned a lot. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the DC version seemed to be a little more thorough. For instance, it includes each characters hero/villain status while the Marvel book doesn't. For a non-comic fan, like me, that info would be nice to have up-front.",
21104,__label__2,Grandsons Christmas: Kids love it. Also when I get extra cash I have intentions on buying them another one. Thank you.,
21105,__label__2,Very informative!: As a big DC Comics fan I decided I wanted to learn more about Marvel Comics' characters. The book was very thorough and informative and is helping me do exactly what I intended.,
21106,__label__2,"With great characters comes great books: Essential reading for marvel fans...better, for COMIC'S FANS!A short description and images of EVERY character showed in this book (over a 1000) made it a must-have piece for every collector!Good texts, amazing draws, fine paper...excellent buy!",
21107,__label__2,Good: I love this brand. These vitamins are very good. Maintaining good health is important to me and vitamins are a welcome addition in my busy life. I would purchase them again.,
21108,__label__2,VitaminA: Quality product and shipped very fast at a very reasonable price priced it at other sites and this was the best,
21109,__label__1,Very dangerous!!! Avoid if you don't want liver cancer.: I have been using this for months and a few days ago I have realized that my liver has been seriously damaged. Apparently this dosage is dangerously high. It's 5 times higher than recommended dosage.I hope my pregnant wife will not have problems with the baby is born as she was using it too. Regardless I will probably sue this company and perhaps Amazon if they don't reach out to me before that.,
21110,__label__1,"Err... When does it start getting good, ar kid?: There are the odd (2, I think) Hammond tracks which have a bit of life about them, but if you are into nodding your head, you'll be perplexed when the meandering spoken-word tracks kick in. Apparently to live in Norway and be a dog is a great way of life. Yeah, I'll give that a go Bugge, thanks for the advice.I also own Bugge's ""Moving"", which is a much grooooovier proposition. I give that 3.5 Stars, for tracks 1 and 3 alone.",
21111,__label__1,Not of good quality: I had to return this hose after using it one time. It developed a hole in it immediately. I had to order a different type of hose.,
21112,__label__1,"Runaway very fast if your professor is using this!: I am a grad student in ME specializing in thermal engineering, I've taken undergrad heat transfer and I have strong graduate level math and fluids background. Now that you know some of my credentials, let me say I HATE THIS BOOK! It skips steps and explanations! I am leaving this review to warn anyone who is learning this subject to runaway very fast from this book, you won't learn anything and you'll suffer... There are many better convective heat transfer books out there. The only good thing about this book is the numerous references to other books.On a last note: If you're learing this subject don't believe the reviewers that gave this book five stars, they must be paying off a debt to Bejan or have 30+ years experience in convective heat transfer!",
21113,__label__1,"A very difficult text book to learn anything from: I get the impression that the reader from NH is the only reviewer to have tried to solve some of the problems in this book. There is no possible way to solve these problems. They are on subjects and situations not covered in the book, and even if they were, good luck in understanding Bejan's writing. He skips massive steps, giving only solutions and equations without explanations. Not everyone like reviewer Jeff Booth was born understanding convective heat transfer, so some of us must learn from books. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this one. I only hope that Dr. Bejan reads these reviews and that they discourage him from making another failed attempt at text book writing.",
21114,__label__2,"excellent book: Bejan's book may look polemic because all the topics in convection heat transfer he had to review, and sometimes correct some ""historically assumed"" mistakes. There is detailed physical explanation of every phenomena. There are very few good books in heat transfer in the market. This is the best.",
21115,__label__1,"Worst Textbook Ever: This is by far the worst textbook I have had for any class. As a graduate student in mechanical engineering I suggust anyone who thinks to use this book to avoid it. Bejan is the most arrogant writer I have ever seen. He cuts the most complex areas of his proofs out of the book, plus there is not a single example in it. THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE.",
21116,__label__2,"About ""Convection Heat Transfer"" by A. Bejan: A.Bejan gave to the field of thermal sciences a new breath. His particular touch and way of thinking leads to unexplored scientific and technical territories. Due to its original spirit for thermal sciences and, more generally, for physics, the book, Convection Heat Transfer , presents the essential keys of the field for the engineering students but also for researchers. I usually recommend this elegant book to my students.",
21117,__label__2,"Great CD: This is a great CD, if you like ""I"" then you will like this one also. I look forward to getting some more Buffalo Daughter.",
21118,__label__2,"Extreme! Great cinematography and soundtrack!: Great IMAX movie for fans of the genre!I waited for YEARS after seeing this for the first time (and multiple times thereafter)! Contacted the makers of it and finally received word that this was out on Blu Ray.Viewing on a 120"" projection screen with 1080p projector and great sound system.....WOW!!!! Clarity, sound, cinematography are terrific!This is a MUST have for any IMAX fans or folks desiring to show off BIG SCREEN capabilities!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!",
21119,__label__2,"Extreme: A Treat for the Eyes!: The photography on this video is absolutely beautiful. The personal testimonials are interesting, too. I really enjoyed it.",
21120,__label__1,"Poor movie: The Extreme is smaller than I could expect.I was expecting to see a better overall quality as well, on the scenes, sequences and theme.",
21121,__label__2,"As necessary as a good mic and preamp: As a marginal singer, I am forever in search of a vocal chain that makes me sound ""not terrible."" First I went in search of a mic, and ended up with the Blue Blueberry and Miktek C5 (great vocal as well as acoustic guitar mic). Next I went in search of a preamp, and ended up with the BAE 1073mpf (class A -- for vocals you don't want ""prosumer"" class AB, you need one with a big, honkin' power supply for that smooth, professional sound). Each of the above was a huge improvement over my previous vocal chain(s). Then I was told by a pro that you need a dead-silent space for the vocal mic, so I got this. Big improvement! I'm getting a very clear, present vocal without weird overtones that come from the room and smear all over the mix. Thank you SE Electronics!",
21122,__label__1,"Buy the Porta Booth Pro Not This: Not worth the money. You can buy the Porta Booth Pro for around the same price and get much better results. In fact, after putting in a new vocal booth, I'm so impressed with the Porta Booth Pro, I'm keeping it. I am, however, selling the SE Flexion Filter. Waste of money - waste of space. It just looks cool.",
21123,__label__1,"Waste of money: Too bad ! I really thought this would help. Very cheaply made IMO. You're better off building one with a frame and some Rockwool. It'll get the job done. I didn't feel a huge difference, and actually didn't like the boxiness of the sound that I was getting. Using an old U87 + UA pre and Comp. Just not worth that kind of money, when you can DIY for less than 50 bucks. It looks cool, but I only care about sound.",
21124,__label__2,"Such a beautiful book: Gorgeous photographs, beautifully written, great explanations and patterns, too! This is a collector's item, in my opinion.",
21125,__label__1,"Not so Unique, Not so Off The Path: Comparing this book with other books that also cover the same area (like Lonely Planet's Montreal Guide, or the excellentMichelin Green Guide to Quebec), this book is pretty poor onunique information. Almost all of the sites are listed on other tourist sources, and the majority of the 'off path' information consists of individual restaurant and B&B reviews. Almost of all of those are pretty glowing and effusive, and read like advertising copy.The Green Guide has a lot more information all around and is better laid out for a very similar price.",
21126,__label__2,"Quebec City in a day: Only being able to spend a few short days in Quebec City, this book gave me insight to all of the great little places to go. I loved all of the historical information. However, I wish it gave a few more restaurant suggestions because there are so many good places to eat in Quebec City.",
21127,__label__1,"Film Noir Reader: I give this book two stars instead of one because it fills a gap in my film noir book collection, but I have to say it has dated badly. I bought because I loved Alain Silver's book Noir Style, which is a collection of black-and-white stills from film noir classics, with marvelous commentary. But the Film Noir Reader opens with a collection of essays from the 1970s that display everything bad about the 70s, academic, pretentious, pompous, over-anxious to establish a high-brow status for a low-brow art form (at least it was then). In the 2nd and 3rd sections, the ""up-to-date"" essays, we get, for instance, an analysis of the TV show Miami Vice in terms of its film noir elements... Miami Vice???",
21128,__label__1,"Dull as gravel book.: How to take a facinating subject and make it seem deadly dull. I suggest that you movies online, get 'em and watch 'em. If you like faux academia, then this is the text book you will want.",
21129,__label__1,"Could be a lot better: It was okay....but with such a great story to work with, this is really not an effort that is worth anywhere near the price they are charging. I'd say skip it and go read the story on Wikipedia.",
21130,__label__2,"Yes, The Complete Story: As a proud owner of a 1999 Z3 M Coupe (also a 2003 X5 and a 1985 BMW R80 Motorcycle converted to a R100RS) the BMW Z Series Book is one of the best book in my collection of books and manuals on BMW products. Not having a great memory for details, I refer to the book often when thinking or talking about BMW vehicles.The history of the Z vehicles is very complete with the exception of production figures for the different models.I believe this is a must have book for BMW Z Series owners.",
21131,__label__2,Live Honey: This band rocks!!!!!!!! Great lyrics and rythms that keep you on the edge of your seat. The lead singer can sing her tail off!Turn up the volume and enjoy this wonderful CD.,
21132,__label__2,Austin Live Music Capital: I'm always looking for great bands with a new sound. These guys ROCK. The leader singer is incredible. When I heard she went to school at The University of Texas I fell in love with her voice.,
21133,__label__1,"Don't Waste Your Money: I took these new headphones on a cross country trip this week. Here's the results:1) There is no noise cancelling to speak of (aircraft engine noise was exactly the same with or without the headphones on).2) Volume level was so low I had to stop watching the DVD because I couldn't hear the sound loudly enough.3) When I was on the ground I switched to my MP-3 player and again the volume was very low (I took off the extension cord connector which helped slightly) and worse yet the sound quality was tinny, almost no base at all.There is nothing to recommend purchasing these headphones. I am frantically looking for my receipt so I can try to return them as quickly as possible.",
21134,__label__2,Satisfied with great value: I've had my headphones for a couple of month now and am very satisfied with the sound and quality. The noise canceling is a little weaker then other Sony models I've tried. They are very lightweight and have excellent sound quality. I would recommend them. They are a great value for the price,
21135,__label__2,"Very fine, if you don't expect power...: These phones are quite good.You just have to know a few things:The sound weakens and the cancelation is not for extreme uses.But if you use them in riding on a bus like situations, they will be great.Especially if you use them with an iPod. That's a good combination, because the sound is comfortable (excellent bass performance, not annoying; good meds, good highs, but a very clear all around) and the cancelation doesn't make you dumb as it is with other phones.Give them a try and you'll be more than pleased. They are for listening music from a powerful source, and that's how they pay fair.",
21136,__label__1,Not so good: These headphones do not stay on your ears. Maybe if they were like the other wrap arounds.A good idea but more of a hinderance of keeping them on the ears.,
21137,__label__2,great product: this is wonderful.. i have had this for about 1yr and it works great. must for any traveller,
21138,__label__1,"Save Your Money!: After reading what this headphones could do, I was excited and couldn't wait to get one for myself. It turns out to be just another cheezy headphones. The quality is horrible, and it's not comfortable as it claims to be. Bottom line, ""Save your money!""",
21139,__label__2,"90 percents: its nice, but i just have little disapointed about its volume( its not high enough) Actually it's fine",
21140,__label__1,disapointed: When I read the introduction of this book It was immediately clear it did not begin with the basics of GD&T. The books introduction assumes you are familiar with the fundamental principals of this system. This book may be great for someone already GD&T experienced wishing to improve their skills. For the inexperienced looking to learn from the ground up I would look elsewhere.,
21141,__label__1,Unreadable: This book is poorly organized and written. Even the introduction requires the reader to understand material not yet introduced until later chapters. The author repeatedly alludes to subtleties and nuances which obscures clear meaning and hinders the learning process. The book is unreadable and I am returning it for credit.,
21142,__label__2,"Loved This Book!: I loved this book! I graduated from high school in 1959 and this book took me back, no doubt about it. I knew a couple of girls who got pregnant while still in school, and it was as terrible as is depicted in this book. (Thank goodness for progress and change.....) This book has very strong, well-developed, definitive characters, especially the young narrator. I can still feel the book as if I lived in the neighborhood......",
21143,__label__2,"INTERESTING: I did not find this to be the best of Alice McDermott's works, but I did enjoy it........Rick and Sheryl are high school sweet hearts. Sheryl's father died suddenly, leaving an empty place in her heart. She fills that emptiness with Rick and when she tells her mother that she might be pregnant, her mother immediately sends her from their home in a Long Island suburb to an aunt's family in Ohio....Sheryl did not even have time to let Rick know and he is going crazy trying to find her until finally, one evening he and some pals armed with chains go to Sheryl's house causing a riot......The men of the neighborhood come to the aid of Sheryl's mother and the boys get arrested and everyone gets treated for minor injuries......In the meantime, Sheryl tried to reach Rick by phone, but never was able to talk to him.......Sheryl and Rick go on to live out their lives as their destiny dictates.......This story brings us back to our own teen years and first loves.",
21144,__label__2,"Not Her Best But Pretty Good: I really love Alice McDermott's writing and she didn't really disappoint me with 'That Night'. It seemed very real, very authentic. Some of it might have been a bit over the top and the ending was a little smooth but all in all I enjoyed it and recommend it. Read her others, like 'Charming Billy' and especially 'Child Of My Heart'. Better and best respectively.",
21145,__label__1,"Melancholy and Cliche: Come on, people, get over yourselves. You could find a hundred lovely writers out there, and while McDermott may be one of them, it doesn't mean there's anything particularly interesting about this book. It's filled with such melancholy and self-importance about subject matter that is really cliche at this point. Lovers torn apart, young children in the neighborhood wondering how babies are made, teen pregnancy. It's like something a junior high class might read.McDermott might be trying to pull off something magestic here, but it just comes off as weird. Why is this first person narrator, who isn't even a main character in the story, wandering through these people's lives like a ghost, and killing them all off? That's right, when McDermott runs into a situation that's rather dull, which is often, she gives us a little aside about someone's child dying. It's manipulative and cheap writing.",
21146,__label__1,"Too sketchy: I was eager to read the book after watching the film on BBC2 (England). I expected the novel to be more descriptive, imaginative and more three dimensional than the film but found it to be quite sketchy and without fluidity. It jumped from past to present and from scene to scene quite disjointedly and I found it difficult to continue reading for I felt like I'd read the same paragraph over and over. As a result of this the only characters which seemed to convey themselves as three dimensional were that of Rick and Sheryls'. There didn't seem to be any revelation at the end of the story, I guess with having knowledge of that era that it would be quite obvious in the way things ended, with broken teenage love and little thought for the result of that. Quite disappointing overall, though worth watching the film.",
21147,__label__1,"nothing extraordinary: i had to read this book in school. it's horrible. it's annoying. There is no point to the story. It isn't even fun to read. I would keep reading, expecting something great to happen, but nothing ever happened. i skimmed the last 25 pages--it was that boring. there are quite a few typos in it as well. everything about it is pure cliche. the first few pages are good, then it stops. it's like, mcdermott had imagination when she began writing it, then she went braindead. i would not recommend it to anyone.",
21148,__label__1,"This Book Robs The Human Spirit Of Any Dimension: For some reason, people keep recommending this book as a romance. This book mocks romance with all the cold-blooded WASPy detachment of its setting. The only interesting thing about it was that there was a character with the same name as me, which is rare, but that's not a good enough reason for anyone else to read it.",
21149,__label__2,"Great short aerobic for Morning Exercise: This is actually my third copy of this DVD, as I tend to wear it out. For those who are looking for a light workout in the morning, to get your circulation going before that first cup of coffee, this is perfect for you. In fact, I think in many ways Billy Blanks has long been the pioneer of what has now become a major fad influencing kick boxing and even zumba workouts today. This is short, non-taxing, but it will get the circulation going.",
21150,__label__1,retarded son of a cousin twiced removed of JA 2: it is ok for like the first 5 mintues u play it then it just dies and ur just killing ppl with no towns to hold or mines to increase your income and apperantly have 99 marksmenship seems to be worst then a person with 50,
21151,__label__1,"did they think this would be fun?: i can't believe my very own cousin suggested this annoyingly frustrating game. if you enjoy fighting against all conceivable odds depending on your wit, if you enojoy a game that requires tactics and good strategy accompanied by good graphics and storylines then move along, there's nothing to see here. i truly believe this was created as a quick way to make a buck, there was absolutely no thought process involoved in the making of this game. if you do buy it don't panic, just tuck it under your arm, calmly walk outside, place it on the ground in the street, find a seat and take bets with your neighbor as to how many cars pass until one finally puts it out of your misery. now your talking fun.",
21152,__label__2,Ancient History Atlas.: This is a great little book. Unfortunately it covers the peroid just prior to the peroid that I was concerned with. It is concise and clear and would be of value to any one studing that peroid of time. Sue Coon,
21153,__label__1,"Not Reader Friendly: This book is hard on the eyes.I read part of it and gave up. All the graphs are printed in blue and uses different types of shading to show different regions. The font size is about 8 or 10. The size of the book is ackward more like what is suited towards an advertising pamphlet. Quite clearly, Penguin is being super cheap about printing this book. It was published in the last few years so I'm totally confused what's the issue here. I mean come on. I can print full color pages on my laser printer for about 3 cents a page. Why can't a big fancy publisher like Penguin do a decent job printing a book?Buy a different book, your eyes will thank you!",
21154,__label__2,"Fantastic.: As a dilettante student of history (I majored in useless poli-sci), I can't comment on the accuracy or objectivity of this Atlas, but from my layman's perspective, it was a fascinating and witty work of awesome encompassment. The author takes you from prehistoric times where modern humans first inhabited Europe, all the way through the course of the Roman Empire. Personally, I found the text alone to be superb, so the visuals of the maps were just an added bonus.After this book I now intend on buying all of this author's other atlases.",
21155,__label__2,"Atlas: Product came in almost perfect condition, even though it said it was used and came super fast. It looked brand new. Great purchase!",
21156,__label__1,"Great book. Crap printing: I ordered this as a gift for my Ma.When I visited her a few weeks later I saw something that looked likea high schooler had copied at kinkos.The type is blurry and smudged.Some paragraphs are unreadable.Will Amazon take it back?No, it been more than 30 days....40 days to be exact.I will not purchase gift books from Amazon again...better off going to Borders....get aclean copy and ship it yourself.",
21157,__label__2,"Funny and cheeky: The titles of the recipes are a little riske, so don't be shocked... :)There are some black and white images in the book and the recipes sounded good, but I gave it as a gag present.",
21158,__label__1,"It was Great... for five minutes.: I'm giving this two stars because the problem may be a one-off. My son received this as a Christmas gift yesterday. I unpackaged it this morning and wound it up and it worked great. My kid loved it, the melody was nice and all was grand. Until I tried to wind it up again. I heard a loud snapping sound and the winding wheel started spinning free. I opened up the case to see if the problem is repairable, but it's not. The gear that attaches the winding wheel to the music box is made from a cheap, flimsy plastic, and all the teeth had snapped off. I have an email in to the toy company to see if they can help me get a replacement part, and if they do I will update my rating to make it more favorable.",
21159,__label__2,"Comfort after a semester of Philosophy of Religion: C.S. Lewis is one of the finest Christian thinkers of the modern era and this is one of his best works. He takes the task of explaining why Christians are Christians and makes it seem easy. There isn't a section that you'll read that won't apply to how you feel, he's right on target. If you have trouble understanding your faith, or explaining it to others, this is the book for you!",
21160,__label__2,"A great guide to Christianity: I always like books by C.S. Lewis. He has a grasp of the Grace of God and Christian doctrine like not too many others have in our day and age anymore. Every reader of this book can get valuable insight and learn a lot. I think I also discovered the next 'C.S. Lewis' as I read a very inspirational book, which has helped me tremendously in my spiritual understanding and growth, as well as in my personal relationship with Jesus Christ, which is Diemtar Scherf's 'I Love Me: Avoiding & Overcoming Depression'--also available at Amazon.",
21161,__label__2,"Excellent Resource.: I would highly recommend this book for anyone interested in C.S. Lewis!! Very handy to have all of these classics in one volume. Easy to read print also makes it hard to put down!! If you've long enjoyed the works of C.S. Lewis, or if you are new to him (like me!), you will not be disappointed with this purchase!!",
21162,__label__2,"Terrific: Ten years ago, when I was relatively new to active Christian faith, I tried to read this book. I was bored stiff! I suppose that I wasn't on the leg of my spiritual journey where I needed it or could understand its importance, because now I have read it hungrily and joyfully. I've marked pages for review and have begun developing lessons for future use in sermons and Bible studies based on ideas I found in this book.My advice to the reader is this: If this book seems boring or irrelevant to you, put it back on the bookshelf and get it out again only after a few years have passed. You might eventually perceive the treasure you have in this little volume.",
21163,__label__2,The Complete C.S. Lewis Signature Classics: This collection of religious topics gives great insight into the Christian religion. I encourage every person who is wondering about christianity and it's teachings to read this book.,
21164,__label__2,"The Complete C.S. Lewis Signature Classics: Great book with most of the C.S.Lewis great works. Book is quite large, almost like a coffee table book. Of course, these books are a must read for any Christian or someone expecting to become a Christian, esp. ""Mere Christianity"".",
21165,__label__2,"Awesome collection but about the size of a textbook: This collection is great, a although I was unaware that it came in one single book, about the size of a textbook. There are lots of room for notes and it is a great read, just hard to carry around. If you're planning on leaving it and reading it in one place, this is the book for you. Otherwise, get the box set.",
21166,__label__1,"BAD QUALITY: Great book (content wise) - really bad quality, the binding broke and pages started falling out within less than 2 months.",
21167,__label__1,"Well written, but not convincing.: Lewis is skilled with the language, so the book is a pleasure to read. But it is simplistic, relies on assumptions, and over-uses analogies.",
21168,__label__2,"This book is HUGE!: I usually know when my husband is asleep when he drops his book, which usually lands on my head. As he climbed in bed with this HUGE text-book sized book, he said to me, ""Been nice knowin' ya.""It's neat to have all CS Lewis' books together in one place, but this thing really is huge. Too heavy to hold to read comfortably unless you're at a desk and it's laying flat. Or maybe if you're sitting up and it can lay in your lap. But for snuggly bedtime reading, no go. (Except it will put you to sleep since it takes so much concentration to understand Lewis' deepth of thinking.)",
21169,__label__2,"Great way to get (almost) all of Lewis' classics: I love that many of my favorite books by Lewis are availible in a convenient package. While I would have liked to have The Four Loves in here as well, I think this is a great collection that I am happy to own.",
21170,__label__2,"The one to start with...: Here we see one of the most brilliant minds of the last century explaining his distaste with the Christian religion and how he came full circle to eventually embrace it. Lewis' stature can not be questioned; a man of seemingly limitless intellect, he found himself the lynchpin for many a Christian with questions and many a seeker with doubts. Lewis was an agnostic until mid-life when his unending search for truth and meaning brought his path alongside J.R.R. Tolkien's. Over time Lewis had gone from atheist to theist to eventually embracing the message of Christ. He could hardly believe it himself!This work is a classic. Originally compiled from a series of radio programs in Britain, it has been a best-seller ever since and impacted millions of lives. His insights into Natural and Moral law as well as virtue are mind-expanding to say the least. I will not presume to explain Lewis' arguments better than he, so just buy the book!",
21171,__label__2,nothing to complain about: The book was delivered within a few days in good condition. I would order from there again.,
21172,__label__2,"Pass this along to those who say they do not belive in God!: Mere Christianity is a succinct, articulate and compelling explanation of Christianity. Lewis has made the work easy to read and understand without resorting to over simplification. Ask your friends, children or relatives who say they do not believe in God to read this convincing work before stating their beliefs with any fervor. Trust me, you will be doing them a great favor!",
21173,__label__2,Good Will Fosters it with Good Merchandise & Prompt Shipping: Good Will Fosters it with Good Merchandise & Prompt ShippingMust be Mere Christianity.. Merry Christmas! This complete C.S. Lewis collection represents the perfect gift for holiday giving.,
21174,__label__2,Beautiful books.: Books arrived in good time and in excellent condition. The cover designs are wonderful.,
21175,__label__2,"Excellent Book: The shipping was super fast and the book is great. It was in great shape. I have read this book already before purchasing and think it is a must own for all Christians. It begins with basic, simple teachings of the Christian faith. From this book you can work up to many more complicated, philosophical and scientific expressions of the Christian faith. Great apologetic!",
21176,__label__2,"If you are looking to be swept up...: And you are an avid reader of CS Lewis you will not be disappointed at this collection of truths. He makes one feel a sense of obligation to be a better person, a more informed soul and a true desire to share in the journey of knowing such salvation. From start to finish the origin of his storytelling can only be described as breathtaking!",
21177,__label__2,"You can never go wrong with C.S. Lewis- The perfect gift idea!: These books are wonderful and a ""must have"" for any C.S. Lewis fan. They are light weight and easy to handle. The print is very small so I wouldn't recommend this particular set for anyone with vision problems. The type is double spaced though, making it easier to read. If you are looking for a gift for a devoted Christian, this set of books would be a safe bet.",
21178,__label__1,"Boooo Harper Collins!: For some reason Harper Collins specifically arranges for Canadians who buy ebooks via the Amazon.com website to get higher pricing and exclude them from sale pricing. I can't imagine why, it takes no more to deliver to us wirelessly and I'd have to assume our converted US funds are just as good.",
21179,__label__1,Not Good: I thought this was going to be much better than it was. I had high expectations because of the good things I've heard about CS Lewis but I was very disappointed.,
21180,__label__1,"I Stopped Reading It: A friend recommended this book as something that would encourage ""logical"" belief in God. I doubt he read it himself, first.Most of the claims he makes are based on assumptions, which makes for very frustrating reading.",
21181,__label__1,"C.S. Lewis lost me on the first chapter: This book builds up chapter by chapter as sort of an argument for Christianity. The first chapter tries to argue that all people, for all time in all cultures, all have an inante sense of Moral Law, and despite minor differences, everyone has the same Moral Law, and that therefore, there must be a God.I find it incomprehensibly narrow minded that Lewis feels the only explanation for humans having common, cross cultural behavior, is a God. I was hoping for this book to keep me interested for quite a while, but instead I'm getting a rehashing of Descartes, and no credit is even given!",
21182,__label__1,"Intellectual Garbage: C.S. Lewis does a diservice to Christianity in this book. His views are narrow and his explanations both condescending and banal. The statement that Jesus can be only the son of God, or one of a demon is ridiculous and serves only to keep himself feeling safe. He ignores scripture by stating this. ""All things I have done, you can do also and more...."" He ignores what does not fit his preconceived notions and speaks primarily to and for old women wanting the assertions that they have always believed in validated by an intellectual. He takes no risks in this. He does not stretch his mind, or the reader's imagination. It's old dogma spoken in a modern and rational language. It's dull in the extreme.",
21183,__label__1,"Murky Reasoning: Although technically well written, Lewis' argument stumbles from one questionable assumption to the next. The result is a sad parody of logical thought.For a Christian this book is a gift, it reinforces faith that already exists. For those on the edge of faith, Lewis might be the push they are searching for. Other than that, it is unlikely to have any lasting effect on the reader.",
21184,__label__1,"Preaching to the Converted: C.S. Lewis is without doubt the finest Christian apologetic who ever lived. While reading ""Mere Christianity,"" I could not help being impressed with his persuasive writing style and heart-felt conviction. Upon closer inspection, however, subtle ambiguities come to light. Though they are too numerous to mention here, suffice it to say that Lewis relies on emotion rather than logic and empiricism to reach his ""logical"" conclusions. On the positive side is his irreproachabe sincerity: C.S. Lewis is one of the few men who give Christians a GOOD name. Regardless of his faith, he was a lion of a man and scholar, and his kind is sorely missed. Too bad he, like so many others, preferred comfort to the Truth.",
21185,__label__1,"This book attempts to give an analytical explanation for God: This is just more of the same explanations people have been making to justify the existence of god for centuries. There is nothing new in it. It offers no new light on the question of god. I find it interesting that so many people are converted to Christianity by this book. Lewis just drove me that much further from believing in a god, whether Christian or otherwise.",
21186,__label__2,"Thoughtful and Powerful: Last year, prior to the release of the film version of the ""Chronicles of Narnia: LWW"", I decided to share the book with my young daughters. When I bought the book for them, I also picked up a copy of ""Mere Christianity"" for myself. I've now reread it (not common for me) twice and have also purchased ""The Abolition of Man"" and ""The Problem of Pain"". Each reading reveals new insights into the source of C.S. Lewis' faith and, it turns out, the source of my own.Challenging, insightful, and wise. I thoroughly enjoyed this book.",
21187,__label__2,"Great, but...: I find this book exceptional for the intellectual believer, but I can't help but wonder if it's possible to reason your way into faith (the very words sound oxymoronic). Often, I hear this book referenced as a prosyletory tool, but I wonder if conversion ought to start with something else--something more along the lines of Lewis's own mind-changing experience. I recommend this book without reservation for believers, but I'm not sure all the reasoning here is completely cogent for nonbelievers, or the best place for a nonbeliever to begin looking for God.",
21188,__label__1,"Not good not bad: We read this book for my bible study group. There were mixed views on it...I myself wasn't a huge fan of the book for a few reasons. This book is based on radio broadcasts by Lewis a long time ago, and as a result a lot of the things Lewis discusses don't account for recent developments and modern day things that affect Christianity. Also, I felt like Lewis was a bit closed minded in his scenarios and theories about Christianity. However, I have heard people say that they converted to Christians after reading this book so maybe there is something I am missing. It isn't the best book for a discussion, its probably better for reading for yourself. The book does discuss interesting topics and like Christianity and Marriage, Faith, Hope, etc. Overall, although I didn't like it too much, i don't regret reading it either, so maybe that says something for the book.",
21189,__label__1,"This made me question my own faith in Christianity: I ""read"" this with my Sunday School Class (all over 30) to gain insight into our beliefs and found that I strongly disliked it. The man talks in circles, argues his case for atheism, attempts to sell Christianty but fails misberably. I would never recommend this book to a believer or non-believer. It is nothing short of jibberish.",
21190,__label__1,"Painful Screed: In this ""Classic"" defense of religion (Christianity in particular), Apologist-in-Chief C.S. Lewis offers a stunning smorgasbord of flawed premises, tortured logic, and non-stop non sequiturs. From a master wordsmith, jabberwockey.",
21191,__label__1,"Truth and lies: I have been surprised just how little CS Lewis bases his theology on the Bible. He has some interesting ideas, but often writes things that are confusing or just plain untrue. He writes as though evolution is a substantiated fact, but really it is just people's ideas and it contradicts the Bible. He bases a lot of his ideas about our behavior on what seems like a good idea, with no reference to the Bible. He doesn't give the impression that he was very familiar with the Bible. He appears to have been heavily influenced by human philosophies and tries to incorporate them into a religious framework.",
21192,__label__1,"Paperback is cheaper?: The kindle edition is more expensive than the amazon.com-sold paperback! This a wonderful text, but I can't justify getting it in the kindle format if it's even cheaper in the more-worthwhile paperback format. Go buy the actual, physical text!",
21193,__label__1,"Mere Delusion: Some friends who found out that I was an atheist suggested this book. Being so highly praised in the Christian community, I decided to give it a try. It was soon apparent that the author had no deep understanding of religion, science, or logic. Mr. Lewis gives little or no justification for his beliefs. I did come away with greater understanding of how emotions can cloud one's better judgement. The only book I've read worse than this is I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH FAITH TO BE AN ATHEIST.",
21194,__label__1,"First and Last Book I'll Read by C. S. Lewis: I read this book on the recommendation of a Christian friend. I also read it because I've read and heard that C. S. Lewis is a great author. One more reason is that I was struggling with the concept of God. I am a Catholic.I guess I'm trying to say that I read it with an open mind, expecting to find insights and maybe some genuine knowledge.All I can say is my actual experience: This is the worst book I've ever read all the way through. (Which is, in a sense, faint praise. A lot of books have gone straight to the trash halfway through.)",
21195,__label__2,"C.S. Lewis is a master communicator: If you love to think, you will love this book.If you don't love to think, you will after reading this book!So many great contemporary thinkers of modern day have been influenced by C.S. Lewis.No matter what flavor of apologetic thinker you can think of, if you listen or read long enough to them you will find Lewis' defense used by everyone as a base for their arguments. Don't be left in the dark, think for yourself, read this book!",
21196,__label__2,Great item: I was actually looking for a copy of The Screwtape Letters and found this nice softcover edition of a whole collection of C. S. Lewis writings for only a few dollars more. It is soft conversation but the niceer paper and uneven edges make the book itself a bit classier.,
21197,__label__2,great gift for my sister and mom: This series is great and it includes alot of great theorys and gives a gide to those coming to faith and those already in it,
21198,__label__1,"Bad philosophy.: This book does little to persuade anyone, much less a firm atheist, to become a Christian. I have read good Christian apologetic books (The Case for Christ, for example) and in comparison this book fails miserably. Lewis uses silly arguments (Moral Law? Please) to try and convince his audience, but it merely solidifies the atheist's viewpoint that ninety percent of Christian arguments are far-fetched and preposterous. Most of the book is about how a Christian should live, but what good is talking about a Christian life if he can't convince the reader that Christianity is true?",
21199,__label__1,Every atheist should read this book...: not because it contains any profound insight but because somebody's going to eventually quote it and you might as well have read it. Just grit your teeth and bear with it.,
21200,__label__1,"Complete garbage: I wish people, eager to pronounce their faith in a god, would follow through with the necessary implications if it were true.Christopher Hitchens tellingly criticizes Lewis for being unable to complete a syllogism, and he is right on the mark. ""Obvious"" that the possibly fictional character of Jesus is not a madman, hence, the claims of the New Testament must be true? (Not much help in deciding between the competing claims.) If you accept that as logical, you can love this book without bothering to read it.Reading this book will waste precious hours of your life that you will never get back. If you had to choose between sitting through one of the atrocious movies based on his inane books, or reading this tripe, it would quite literally be a toss up.You will be more intellectually stimulated by thinking about this gem, from the late great Kurt Vonnegut:""I was the victim of a series of accidents, as are we all.""",
21201,__label__1,C.S. Lewis keeps on playing those mind games forever...: Buy this book if you want to believe; skip it if you seek truth.,
21202,__label__2,Mere Christianity: On a higher intelectual level than many of us are used to but convincing and leaves one feeling the effects of a good meal greatly enjoyed.,
21203,__label__2,C SLewis: Mr. Lewis was a devout Christian. This passes along his views and philosophies from an adult perepective. Excellent reading,
21204,__label__1,"Brimming with Hellfire: I found myself fearful of the Christian religion. After I read this I felt like saying to myself, ""Thanks Jesus, since I don't believe in you I suppose I am going to Hell - thanks for being such a great sport!""A Christian friend reccommended this book to me and at times the book was threatining and downright scary. I suppose if I were a fundamentalist I would be applauding his prose, but as a non-Christian I find it frightening that people believe this stuff",
21205,__label__1,"Dissatisfied: I placed an order for a book that I could have picked up in any popular bookstore but wanted the convenience of online ordering. I placed my order online December 6th, 2011 and have discovered my order will probably not arrive until after Christmas. I would not recommend this site to anyone!!!!",
21206,__label__1,"cs lewis books from amazon: I tried repeatedly to place a book order with amazon. The system kept trying to charge me for what was supposed to be free freight. I kept canceling the orders and never did actually place one. One order somehow went through due to some kind of ""glitch"". I actually saw it go before I gave any such command.I had not sent the order. In the future I will shop with Barnes & Noble where I hope such things don't happen. Gary Hatfield.C. S. Lewis Signature Classics: Mere Christianity, The Screwtape Letters, A Grief Observed, The Problem of Pain, Miracles, and The Great Divorce (Boxed Set)",
21207,__label__1,Mere Christianity: Book was supposed to be gently used. Came in with pieces tornof the front and back covers.,
21208,__label__2,"One of the best books of the century: National Review recently printed a list of the top 100 books of the century. Lewis appeared at least twice in the list - The Abolition of Man was second, and Mere Christianity also placed high.Mere Christianity is that rare book that can be read by the average person yet even an advanced scholar can learn much from it, if they are willing to open their mind and think. His key arguments are undefeated, unless one calls denial and affected arrogance ""winning.""I don't always agree with Lewis or his worldview, but this book deserves it's ranking. If you don't get anything from it, that's your own fault. I encourage everyone to consider it.",
21209,__label__1,"Mere Dogma!: This is not a work for the those uninitiated into Christian dogma. Within about 50 pages, Lewis establishes the existence of the Christian God from the premise that the human being enters this world with a priori knowledge of right and wrong. Wow! The argument is weak, and proceeds through a sort of process of elimination of alternative explanations rather than through a demonstration of the necessity of the Christian God. People had told me that CS Lewis was an intelligent Christian apologist. However, it seem to me that this book is not meant to bring anyone into the Christian fold, but simply to keep them in. I suggest taking a look at Kreeft's book, ""Christianity for Modern Pagans"", a commentary on Pascal's Pensees. Or read Pascal's pensees directly.",
21210,__label__1,"Mere is right: We all share a common morality.Therefore, God.Mostly a waste of time. If the contents of this book are an example of what Lewis considers a cogent argument, then it's no wonder that he believes what he believes. Basically for believers who need reaffirming.",
21211,__label__1,Well written; poorly thought out.: This book is a fine example of how beautiful prose can mask otherwise muddled thinking. Those who are desperate for some validation of their religious beliefs will undoubtedly praise this diminutive tome. Those with sharper wit will easily see past the eloquent facade and discover why this emporer has no clothes.,
21212,__label__2,"Lewis writes with aplomb; deserves better editors: There is very little to be written about Lewis' brilliance that has not already been said. He is truly a consumate writer - brilliant, understandable, witty, and humane. Even if you disagree with him, which he makes difficult to do, it is impossible to not respect his intelligence. Each of his works in this handsome volume make that very clear, and all are worth reading.My only quibble with this edition (and hence my 4 star rating of otherwise 5 star material) is the appearance of several small mistakes that should have been corrected by editors. A line of text is missing in ""Mere Christianity;"" there are a few other small mistypings or misspellings elsewhere as well that are not present in non-collected individual publications of Lewis' work.That said, the overall presentation is handsome, if large, and even with the failings of its editors, this is surely a volume that deserves to be owned and read.",
21213,__label__2,"Excellent Book!: I love C.S. Lewis. His writings always amaze and teach me new ways of understanding and looking at something. This is one of his greatest works. This book is very deep so is sometimes difficult to comprehend if reading quickly. It is a book that must be read slowly, allowing lots of time to think, reflect, and process the thoughts of C.S. Lewis. I highly recommend Mere Christianity.",
21214,__label__2,WONDERFUL book/cover: This book was so wonderful that I purchased one ...looked at it...and then ordered yet another for our pastor! There are so many quotes and Christian perspectives in C.S. Lewis's writings! This holds all the stories that I wanted! I LOVED IT! IT was much larger than I thought it would be; the quality of the binding / cover was gorgeous and it was a gift I was glad I had purchased. Thinking of ordering yet another for myself!! You can't go wrong with this book if you like C.S. Lewis!!,
21215,__label__2,"I truly didn't know what to expect.: I have had this writer and several of these books on my 'to read' list for decades. A health issue, which was misdiagnosed, made reading nearly impossible for the last twenty five years, though life has it's own way of taking up time in any case. I didn't know if these were novels, theological texts, apologetic tomes, or... just what to expect. The first book I read was Screwtape Letters. What a kick. My first book in 25 years, and a great one.Having converted to Catholicism, I did have some wonder about that. No, I am secure enough not to have been sidetracked or such, I just wasn't sure... if I would be... having to revisit too many old notions. That turned out not to be the case, and from what I have read, I would have no problems suggesting these to any Christian. Some things are simply... without origin, to a degree, and common to all. Actually, I would recommend these to all, save recalcitrants who might... learn somethings I would",rather
21216,__label__2,Attractive Edition of a Classic: I am grate for this beautiful edition of this classic. I gave new copies to my children. Knowing that the wonderful text will be well preserved and presented for a life-time of enjoyment and inspiration is a real value.,
21217,__label__2,Amazing!: Enlightens the reader. Most enjoyable and informative Christian book. Makes you think of things in a whole new way. Lewis is the best.,
21218,__label__1,"Long may Lewis burn in Hell: There is no way I can rate this trite negatively enough.I was forced to read this book. Even if I hadn't been, had I seen it in a book store, just that would have been enough to eliminate previous like of the Narnia series. I once thought of them as fiction, now I know they are Christian allegory.Anyone who believes this already believed anyway, because Lewis hops to conclusions without any links to his premises. Besides which, he begs the question.",
21219,__label__1,"highfalutin drivel: I was looking forward to diving into this collection after reading so many positive reviews. Sunday Times writes: ""He is admirably equipped to write spiritual biography for the plain man, for his outstanding gift is clarity"".My answer to that review and this book is this: Unless you are a scholar you soon will find yourself drowning in a morass of words you most likely have never heard before or never use in everyday life. The problem with highly intelligent people, like C.S Lewis, is this: they do not know how to communicate their ideas in plain language so that ""plain"" people can understand what they're saying. I call that ignorance.These books are mostly filled with highfalutin, pompous, non-sensical drivel.Unless you are highly intelligent don't waste your money.",
21220,__label__1,didn't recieve that product/ credit card was billed: i never received that book even though my cc was charged. it might have been sent in august but i wonder if they are still printing the book for me?? and walking it to maryland.i do not recommedn this source and had i known this would happen i never would have used amazon.com,
21221,__label__1,"Boring: I'm sorry but Mr.Lewis' writing struck me as pedantic and boring. I was initially interested in his works because of my readings in grief literature. I couldn't get into any of his stories. They seemed dry to me. I like the idea behind his ""Screwtape Letters"" but it didnt hold my attention. I am glad he is well read but personally I am just not into his books.",
21222,__label__1,not very good..: i could only read half an hour of this critically aclaimed outline. its too wordy/complicated for even the very seasoned christian.,
21223,__label__2,"Incredible Perspectives: This book was a suggested read by a ""non-Christian"" friend of mine that thought I should give it to everyone I was trying to disciple. Wow...what a read. Not only did this book strengthen my faith, but for a borderline unbeliever to suggest I read it was unbelieveable. C.S. Lewis knocked it out of the park! This book is perfect for every person not sure if God is real and if His name is Jesus. This will be an annual read for me, reminding me to think way outside the little box I have created about God. Awesome Book",
21224,__label__2,"Classic Exposition on Reasonable Faith: C.S. Lewis offers here the quintessential book on Christian epistemology. He helps us understand how we know what we know and why we think we know what we claim to know even if what we think we know we really don't know. ;-)Actually, Lewis is tremendously clearer and easier to understand than I am, so stop reading this review and read the book. (Aw, heck, let me finish, after all...) This is a rational, logical, and eternally classic exposition of the faith that will never outlive its usefulness. Even though atheists have managed to wriggle around Lewis's ""liar, lunatic, Lord"" trilemma, the arguments herein contained still offer fodder for the inquisitive brain.This book is a ""must read"" and is concise enough that it actually can be read.",
21225,__label__2,A must read-classic: If you've ever wondered or even thought about God then make it a priority to read this book. This book will put all doubt to the side.,
21226,__label__2,must read: Do you believe or not believe in God? Read C. S. Lewis and then decide. He was originally an unbeliever.,
21227,__label__2,"""Mere"" Chrisitanity.... not ""mere"" at all.: As I worked my way through this classic by C.S. Lewis, I kept kicking myself for not reading it earlier in life. I have known about this work for 30 years but simply did not get around to reading it until I retired. My bad!!A great book. I will purchase copies for several friends and will bring it to the attention of Bible classes in which I participate.Great responses to the great questions of this age.Gerald C. Brunworth",
21228,__label__2,"It's big, and bold, and beautiful: Perhaps the boxed set would be a better choice for one wishing to carry around their C.S. Lewis with them everywhere they go (and who wouldn't), but I particularly enjoy having these signature classics all together in one tome. It greatly facilitates flipping around to other selections for reference. I'm not going to review the individual works, because I think if a person is considering buying this collection they already know their Lewis pretty well. I have to mention the Screwtape Letters, though. What a wonderful work of allegory and fiction, and though it is fiction it is certainly not out of place in a collection of apologist writings and social commentary. Also deserving particular notice is The Abolition of Man, proving that Eastern philosophy and Christian ideology are not mutually exclusive. I consider this volume one of the greatest in my literary collection.",
21229,__label__2,"Great book: This book is a classic. I would recommend it to long-time Christians as well as new Christians or those wanting to explore the basic components of the Christian faith.Lewis is humble, positive and writes a hopeful and uplifting book. There are a few comments that show some biases of the time in which it was written, but looking at the big picture this book is excellent.Of course, there will always be those who criticize the logic of Lewis' book and I just do not understand the obsession with trying to prove to people of faith that they are wrong, unenlightened, uninformed. On the contrary, I think Lewis book shows that Christianity is not for blind followers but for people who are ready to be challenged each day.",
21230,__label__2,"The book which changed my life.: In this book, Lewis tells it as it is, no frills no false promises, just the bare facts. Starting as Lewis often does, from essentially nothing and building on simple day-to-day examples he explains from the ground up the what and why of Christianity. Later he delves into more complicated and tricky philosphical questions which have held many back from believing. While not proving christianity (an impossibility in my opinion), he makes a very strong case and this is truly the book which changed my life.If you like it, check out ""The Pilgrims Regress"" also by Lewis, easily the best book I have ever read!",
21231,__label__2,A life-changing book.: 'Mere Christianity' is an informal discussion of what is at the heartof Christianity. This book literally changed my life. Lewis brought downmany of the prejudices I had against the Church and religion in general.,
21232,__label__2,"Well Thought-Out: Since Lewis began as an unbeliever and gradually worked his way into Christian belief, we felt it would be a good read for someone who is converting from the Muslim faith to Christianity. We have found the book to be a very valuable tool for this purpose.",
21233,__label__2,"brilliant: C.S. Lewis, besides being a great fiction writer and a fair poet, is a briliant mind. His theology, well, his theology is the theology that you want to read. When you read this book you can really see one of the greatest minds at work. For the faithful as well as the unfaithful intellect, this is a book to read.",
21234,__label__2,"""One of the best books on Christanity I have ever read!"": Lewis's descriptions and illustrations of the basics of the Christian life are very practical for the one investigating the tenents of Christianity. I have read and re-read ""Mere Chistianity"" several times and each time gaining new insight. Next to the Holy Bible it holds a place of regular usage.",
21235,__label__2,"A must-read book guaranteed not to leave you neutral: Lewis was a Cambridge don highly educated in the classics, which shows in his books. This is not an easy read, but worth every minute you spend with it. To Lewis, and to me, history has moved Christianity beyond the need to prove itself (if one knows even a little history), so he sets out to explain it. And does so magnificently. And if you need a simple, honest book about dealing with grief, read his book, A Grief Observed, about the death of his wife.",
21236,__label__2,"great book...ignore the miniscule differences: lewis had a definite gift for tackling a subject, almost scientifically, step by step. i was considering Budhism as a possible alignment to Christianity when i read this book. thank God, He used it as a goad in my life. that was two years ago. i just finished reading it again, and i retain my opinion. read it with an open mind, though, and overlook the insignificant dogma that contradicts with statments in the Bible that you interpret differently. there aren't more than a handful, but they deal with some issues like purgatory and alchohol use. i really enjoy this book and think that it's a significant addition to any philosopher or apologist's library.",
21237,__label__2,Amazing book!: I read this book and was amazed at how good it was. I bought it for my friend and it came in very quickly and was in perfect condition. She absolutly loves it as well! Amazing book that I would reccomend to anyone!,
21238,__label__2,"This book changed my life: A confirmed agnostic of many years, I believed Christianity was illogical and no reasoning person could believe in it. C. S. Lewis's Mere Christianity proved me wrong. Lewis uses reason and logic to convince readers that Christianity not only makes sense, it is TRUE. A wonderful book for the intellectual seeker.",
21239,__label__2,"Recommended Reading For The ""Not Sure"": This book is one of only a few books I have ever read, and re-read, and re-read, and read again. C.S. Lewis uses simple, yet comprehensive, arguments that lead the reader to the inarguable conclusion that Jesus was in fact God. The way in which the argument unfolds is simply masterful; almost like a well written murder mystery where the villian was visible all along, but you just couldn't quite figure it out. Then all at once the answer hits you!Lewis goes on to explain how the Christian faith interacts with the individual and with society in general. C.S. Lewis does this without any bias to a particular Christian dogma, instead opting to address the common beliefs of all Christian religions.This book will be enjoyed by anyone who is unsure of the existence of God or unsure of who Jesus is. It will also be enjoyed by firm believers for its simple style. A must read in my opinion.",
21240,__label__2,C.S. Lewis Signature Classics rock!: The man is a genius and one of the greatest Christian authors of all time. I'm through several of the books in the Classic edition and can't wait to continue.,
21241,__label__2,"Excelect book: This book has been one of the best books I have read on Christianity. The book is an excellant description on Chistrian theology. In fact, I think I am going to read it again.",
21242,__label__2,"Outstanding description and explanation of Christianity: As the title implies, this book is about what all Christians hold true; i.e., the commonly agreed upon aspects of faith held by all Christian churches, regardless of denomination or doctrine. For anyone wanting to understand the basic tenets of Christianity, or anyone wanting an introduction to Christianity, this is the book to read. I've already read it four times. I love this book.",
21243,__label__2,Would purchase from this seller the next time: The book arrived very soon after I ordered it. Its description was accurate and the price was great.,
21244,__label__1,"Dumbfounding gaps in logic: I am a believer who loves the Lewis of the Narnia books, but his more argumentative books, including this one, Mere Christianity, are often rather lacking in basic coherence. The gaps in logic are often dumbfounding.My favorite example is Lewis's argument that you cannot accept Jesus as a wise man unless you accept that he is God, because anyone who claims to be God, and isn't God, is barking mad. Putting aside the issue of whether ""the hisorical Jesus"" actually made such a claim, alas, anyone who has ever taken a even a cursory look at the great writers and sages throughout history knows that one minute they can be the fount of wisdom and the next can be absolutely off their rocker. Dostoevsky springs most immediately to mind.And thats not the worst gap in logic in the book.So, those looking for a reasoned defense of Christianity are strongly advised to go straight to G.K. Chesterton's The Everlasting Man and skip this one.",
21245,__label__1,"It was lucky to get the one star.: CS Lewis managed in the Chronicles of Narnia to prove his mastery of the clumsy religious allegory. And, with Mere Christianity, he tries to approach the thorny topic of God's existence and the divinity of Jesus using ""logic"" and ""reason."" It's as subtle a piece of elegant design and craftsmanship as any tractor factory in Rostok.Facile arguments are bolted together using bold assumptions and the Krazee-Glue of faith. It's amazing that anyone could send such a clunky contraption to plough furrows in logic and reason and sow the seeds of unconditional belief. I read that book and I think think the only thing he got right was the title, which is bang-on.",
21246,__label__1,"Mere Assumption: Mere Assumptions is a more appropriate title. I have never seen such an array of circular reasoning and assuming in my life. Hardly one fact is referred too.My ex-pastor gave me this book to straighten my thinking out. What a confusing bunch of bologna. I was glad I read it, it confirmed my doubts.",
21247,__label__1,"it insults your intellegence: A friend lent me this book while I was reading Bible for my class at UC Berkeley. I told him that I did not understand Christianity so he thought this book may help me. However, this book really makes me feel that Christianity is not an intellegent religion. It insults my intellegence by presenting arguments as a matter of fact. Although the book itself is not philisophical, it tries to convince readers that conservative Christian belief is the only possible explanation of the world. To achieve this goal, it showcases other philosophies and beliefs in a simplified and biased way and mocks them as nonsense while his whole viewpoint just sound stupid. The only value I see from this book is that it shows you what conservative Christians are thinking. You can get a sense of where they are coming from. However, if you are interested in Christianity with some depth, you should check out books like St Augustine's Confessions.",
21248,__label__1,"Disappointing: Though Lewis is often described as one of Christianity's best thinkers and writers, this book (actually three books combined) does not support any such description. While easy to read, this book contains nothing but overly simple reasoning, faulty logic, double-speak, and unsupported--and unsupportable--conclusions. This is a book to avoid unless you want a lesson in how to write an easy to read, but intellectually dishonest, book on religion.",
21249,__label__2,"I'm not a Christian and...: ...I think C.S. Lewis is brilliant. His defence of theism in general and Christianity in particular is impassioned, thorough, and philosophically sound. It takes some concentration, and it may just change your life. If you're already a Christian, your faith will be strengthened, uplifted, and challenged. If you're looking to become one, this book is a great place to start understanding how to live it, and if you aren't one and have no intention of being one, you can still find tons of wisdom and great philosophy in this book. I was, and I am, challenged by Lewis' words and the knowledge and feeling behind them. I do not agree with him on several major points, and my greatest criticism is that he is far too narrow minded at times. Objections aside, however, his work is astounding and deserves wide readership.",
21250,__label__2,"Best book about Christianity I have ever read: Mere Christianity is the best explanation of the main points of Christianity that I have ever read. It cleared up some misconceptions I had about the three person God, becoming one with God, and what being a Christian was all about. I like its straight forward manner and accessible language, just deep enough to get to the meat of the idea, but not over the head of the average reader.",
21251,__label__2,what a thinker: It is rare to find a Religious writer who also uses their head in a self responsible way and to this extent.An enlightening & eye opening text: not just another book for the sake of having one's book out there.,
21252,__label__1,low quality publication - Harper One: I just received the set. I pulled out one book out of the box. It was a piece of junk.Harper One should buy a nice paper cutter. The edge of the books are not cut properly.I'm returning it and never buy Harper One publication.,
21253,__label__2,"A Pleasant Appeal: I read this when I was first becoming interested in Christianity. It isn't heavy-handed. It actually doesn't really go into much theological argument at all. It basically sets a stage of ""why"" one should believe. There was a great chapter on ""Pride""- a non-believer would probably even enjoy.",
21254,__label__2,"Fantastic Collection: What a fantastic collection of books this is! This collection has some of Lewis' best theology as well as some fantastic fiction. My personal favorite is ""The Screwtape Letters"" which really makes you think as Lewis explores the way a demon may think. Lewis is one of the greatest minds of his time and arguably one of the best fantasy writers ever. I recommend this collection to anyone who enjoys reading quality lit.",
21255,__label__2,book review: Great set of books at a great price! I wanted all of these C.S. Lewis books in one package and knew that I could find it through Amazon.com.,
21256,__label__2,"C S Lewis collection: I bought this collection as a Christmas gift. It arrived promptly, as the seller had said it would. The boxed set looks great --- I can't wait for my husband to open it!",
21257,__label__2,Bes book ever (for smart people): My whole family is reading this now and they love it. It is thought provoking and C.S.Lewis was a very smart man. I think everyone should read this as part of their life journey!,
21258,__label__2,"Flowing wisdom: These books have so much in them. I haven't read them all yet, but I plan to learn from the great C.S. Lewis, and his infinite wisdom.",
21259,__label__2,"Enchanting trip through Christianity: This is really one of the best Christians books of all time. The intention of Jack was to write about Christianity taking out the typical religious sting. This is not a small fit given the exclusive nature of religion. And Jack achieves his task marvelously.When Jack writes is like an old loved friend explaining to us things that until this moment where elusive to our understanding. He led us in a journey describing the enchanting building of Christianity and leave us marveled at the splendor of our discovery. This is a MUST have for any library (buy it hard copy, when you read it you will know why).",
21260,__label__2,Mere Christianity: This book speaks for itself and offers some indepth ideas for discussion on the Christian faith. An excellent resource for group study.,
21261,__label__2,"Learn or Re-Learn Christianity: ""Mere Christianity"" is a great book for those who want to know why people believe in the Christian faith. It is also a great book to remind believers (who may have strayed, or been burned out by big churches and confused denominations) why they believed, and why they should still believe. This book is simple to read, but it's message is not simplistic. It calls us to either believe totally, or to choose not to believe... either way, get off the fence and practice what you say you believe, because there is no middle ground.",
21262,__label__2,"Perfect: ""Mere Christianity"" is undeniable. Lewis' infallible arguments and persuasive words will teach anyone and everyone. C.S. Lewis takes you step by step, argument by argument, logic by logic into Spiritual truths that, although you may have known, you'll now see in a new light. Truly, this book has changed my walk and my thought.Lewis' logic is food for thought and replenishment for the mind. Inside this awesome book you'll find the logic behind our existance, the truth about ""right"" and ""wrong"", the definition of morality, how Christianity compares to other major world religions and so much, much more. Truly, C.S. Lewis is pivotal in modern Christian thinking... this book is merely the proof.This book is a must have for any new-Christian, anyone wanting to be a better Christian or anyone looking for logic in Christianity.""I believe in Christianity in the same way I believe in the sun; not because I can see it, but because, by it, I can see everything.""-- C.S. Lewis",
21263,__label__2,"A profound look at the logic behind Christianity.: C.S. Lewis explores the common beliefs of all Christian denominations by appealing to his readers logic. Beginning with observations about human nature, he builds a case for the existance of a higher power, that higher power being like the Christian view of God, and how Christianity fulfils the expectations of such a god. He searches into many of the questions that humanity has grappled with for all of time: the existance of God and an explanation of sin and evil, and also discusses the mystery of the Trinity and human redemption through Christ. Any one who reads this book will walk away at least realizing how much time and energy must be devoted to religious questioning.",
21264,__label__2,"A well known Christian writer: I have always enjoyed the writings of C.S. Lewis and had not read this book. I was eager to see how as an atheist, he had converted to Christianity and his eagerness to spread the gospel as he now is a follower of Jesus. I purchased this on my Kindle very economically.",
21265,__label__2,"Beautiful volume: I was more than pleased with this book. I've been meaning to get more C.S. Lewis for awhile so this compilation was perfect for me (as I believe it would be for other enthusiasts, as well). The quality of the book was even better than I expected.",
21266,__label__2,"Timeless and Practical: I really like the practical analogies that C . S Lewis uses to illustrate otherwised difficult concepts to understand. Even thought it was written more than 60 years ago, his writing stye comes across as warm and illustrates his passion for Christianity.",
21267,__label__2,"Excellent Book: This was a Kindle download, amazingly fast. The book itself is a classic with many memorable and useful points for anyone searching for answers about Christianity.",
21268,__label__2,"A Must Read for Everyone!: This is my fourth time reading this little book. It is from a radio broadcast in London durring the blitz of WW2. I would have called it ""Humanity: 101""",
21269,__label__2,"Mere Christianity Review: I have just received this book in the mail today. I am glad to say it's not beaten up like any other packages I received through amazon so that was a plus. Also The book was in great condition, I bought it used and it looks brand new. being a student in college I will have to say this is one book that if required, this is the best way to get it. if you have a problem with getting it then I guess it's bad luck so I would highly recommend ordering this book.",
21270,__label__2,"Necessary for understanding Christianity: Whether you like it or not, this book defines Christianity for modern evangelicals more than any other text, excepting perhaps Matthew and Romans in the New Testament. Lewis is at his rhetorical and biblical finest. If you cannot admire his mastery of the form at the least, you ought get therapy for self-deception.",
21271,__label__1,"Took me by surprise, a real surprise: I was pretty happy and satisfy with all my past purchases with Amazon.All the used books I bought were pretty decent and in good condition.Until, Bellwether Books shipped me the C.S. Lewis Classics: Mere Christianity, The Screwtape...I am astonished by the very poor quality of the books: the paper, tailoring and binding are so inferior which I never experienced. The pages are so insecurely bind that they might fall off in matter of time; the paper is so coarse like commercial paper towel that is used in the public restroom. The pages are so unevenly cut and are mostly larger than the book cover.All I can only hope that C.S. Lewis' ideas and his writing will give me the pleasure in reading.Frankly, I never have such bad experience with used book purchase until now with Bellwether Books.Surprisingly, the seller stated the book as good or very good condition.",
21272,__label__2,"Intellectual but never Haughty: A literate, well thought-out argument for the existence of God and the validity of Christianity. Yet the author is never condescending toward his reader. Don't be fooled by the small size of this book. There are a lot of ideas here. Is there a flaw in Mr. Lewis' logic? I couldn't find it.",
21273,__label__2,"Takes you to the very heart of Christianity.: Outside of the Bible, Mere Christianity presents the most irrefutable of arguments for Christianity. Appealing for those of an ""intellectual"" bent, Lewis lays down a very rigid, but delightful, chain of logical morsels, eventually tying them all together to present the bigger picture that is Christ's divinity, His death and His resurrection. This book is very helpful to those who, like myself, sometimes get caught up in peripheral issues, ignoring the very elementals that make up the faith of Christianity. Don't just read this book, take notes and study it",
21274,__label__2,"Mere Christianity: C. S. Lewis the foremost apologist of the 20th Century. Mere Christianity is his signature work and an absolutely ""must read"" for every Christian and for any person pondering the question of faith.",
21275,__label__2,I bought this for my grandaughter: She tells me it is good reading! She is a college student and does a lot of reading! So I helped her collection of books!,
21276,__label__2,"An excellent compilation: This book brings seven of the works of C. S. Lewis together under one hard-bound cover which measures 9"" x 11"" x 1 and 1/2"" thick. The type is attractive and easily read although not ""large print"". One very appreciated feature is a topical index that includes page references to all seven included works. This book will be a keepsake for my family for many future generations.",
21277,__label__2,"An Eminently Logical Case for the Christian Faith: Mere Christianity is one of the two best logical logical cases for the Christian faith I have read. Lewis first brilliantly lays a foundation, logically showing that the universe (external and internal) demands logically that some form of God exists. He then compares various theories of God with what we find in reality, and finds that only the Christian one honestly stands. At this point, he continues into details of the Christian faith. Any one honestly seeking to understand Christianity, and/or trying to decide if it is true, will find a powerful, rational case here for ""yes."" The other book I mentioned is Charles Colson's How Now Shall We Live, whose conlusions are based on real-life studies and experiences, rather the more pure logical base of Lewis' writing. They are two halves of a whole perspective, the theory and the application, and I would especially suggest both to any Christian reader.",
21278,__label__2,WOW: Very enlighting. Loved his frankness and his opinions actually were excellently expressed. I am very happy to own the book and I want to read it again.,
21279,__label__1,"Book Quality: This is not a review of Mere Christianity, C.S. Lewis was a genius.This is on the quality or better yet the lack of quality of the manufacture of this book; the paper is the cheapest grade imagineable,the binding is also very low grade, and to top it off the publisher didn't cut the pages evenly.I thought for the price they were charging the paper and binding would be of good quality, needless to say I was greatly mistaken.Buy a paperpack edition from another publisher, you'll get a much better made book and save money at the same time.",
21280,__label__1,"Eh, I'm not impressed: As an atheist, I thought that maybe reading ""Mere Christianity"" would give me some insight into why intelligent Christians can believe what they do. Unfortunately, it did not. The book's logic is often (usually!) shoddy and I learned more by visiting a church one day and speaking to the pastor for 15 minutes than from reading this entire book.I don't know, I didn't care for this book. It is well written in an easy to read fashion, but don't let that fool you: behind its pretty exterior lies a whole lot of gobbledy-gook and nonsense. If you want intelligent Christian thought, go talk to an educated member of the clergy because you won't find it here.",
21281,__label__1,"Disappointing: Lewis fails to support any of this major claims and fails to take seriously any argument other than his own. I was very disappointed as many have spoken well of this book.His ""argument"" would only appeal to someone who is already a Christian; non-Christians who are looking for a good logical argument supporting Christianity will be disappointed.The book's version of a water-down version of Plato's theory of forms--spiced up with a touch of Aristotle--represents, at best, middle-brow religious theorizing.",
21282,__label__1,"An exercise in rationalization: C.S. Lewis builds foundations of logic based on faulty black or white situations, and then expounds his theories upon the trembling base beneath. The further an objective human being gets, the less steady the footing becomes. It is inconceivable to me that such a book can occupy a revered position to otherwise objective people. Of course, objective individuals are not the target audience. If you are a Christian, then this book will most likely confirm that you are indeed the best, the smartest, and the only truly righteous in the only way such a thing can be confirmed: Through rationalization, circular logic, and outright self-delusion. The misogyny and blatant hatred imbued in this dogma-filled tripe is offensive. It is interesting to an objective person only as an examination of self-delusion.",
21283,__label__1,"Define your terms!: Metaphors preferred over definitions, equivocations, unsupported premises, logical fallacies... And this is only in chapter one.",
21284,__label__1,"Is there a God?: I'm atheist and read this based on a friend's recommendation. I had just finished 'Godless' by Dan Barker, a former evangelist turned atheist and I was told to read this from a former atheist turned Christian. It was presented as 'here's some facts that led this atheist to believe in God' when in fact it's just a feel-good book with no real relevant facts or revelation. Certainly it isn't on par with the arguments made by Barker in his book. I wasted my money.",
21285,__label__1,"Is this it?: I had high expectations for this book, but it seems that C.S. Lewis is just saying the same things over and over again to justify his own transformation from an atheist into a Christian. Interesting historically, as a Christian response to WWII, but not very useful in a modern quest for Answers.",
21286,__label__1,"rated 1 star because that's as low as I could go.: This book is a collection of absolutely subjective platitudes that serves nothing more then to lead impressionable (to put it lightly)...dare I say...hungry seekers of an explanation and reconciliation of their own mortality and the ever after.And for the obvious ""fan"" base. It's just a little more brick 'n mortar to fortify their own (________)...insert your own.",
21287,__label__1,"You cannot fathom C.S. Lewis; he has no depth.: I'm not a Neitsche fan, but I paraphrase him above since it certainly applies here. C.S. Lewis gives a prosaic overview of why he chose to be a Christian. In lieu of honest inquiry he proffers flowery postulates with barely a hint of evidence. This is not a bad book if you're looking for a plausible excuse to be religious; but if you're not afraid to take a closer look at Christianity, read something like Dan Barker's ""Losing Faith in Faith"". Or, for a closer look at religion in general, read Campbell's four-book series entitled ""The Masks of God"".",
21288,__label__1,"Oh please... is it something in the water?: The title shoud be changed to ""I'm now a Christian and here's why...."" I won't even bother to discuss the silly analogies and ridiculous attempts at logic to be found in this ""masterpeice"" of his. This book is great to Christians merely because it is a written example of one who has ""chosen the light"" and had a PhD, hooray! Also, the mere idea that there's still a war between science and religion in 2001 should baffle everyone and those responsible should find better, more constructive things to do with their life. If you are seeking the Truth, look to those whom you trust and ask them. Or look inside yourself for the answers, most are already there. Good luck to everyone and may God have mercy on your souls.",
21289,__label__1,"Review of ""Mere Christianity"": Perhaps I'm confused, but by Book II: Part 3 'The Shocking Alternative', it seems to me that with the sentence ""God created things which had free will"", C.S. Lewis had decided that the concept of ""god"" is a given, and the Christian view that ""this is a good world that has gone wrong, but still retains the memory of what it ought to have been"" becomes the basis upon which the remained of the book is built.Maybe I misunderstood, but it is at this point he lost my interest. I thought I would be reading objective intellectial text, I am mistaken.",
21290,__label__2,A Must Read Classic: Every Time I return to Lewis I find him more and more relevant and more and more of a genius. He is concise and brilliant and an all around master of his craft. Please read this book.,
21291,__label__2,"Christian Apologist Extraordinaire!: Perhaps the clearest and most logically argued defense of Christian faith ever written. An excellent introduction to Christianity for new converts to the faith or those who have questions about why Christians believe as they do. Lewis came to faith by a logical path. A novelist of some renown, he writes really, really good prose!",
21292,__label__2,"The Rationale For Righteousness: If 'because the Bible says so!' is not enough of a motivation for you then Mere Christianity is the book for you.Mere Christianity proposes a reasonable and rational argument on behalf ofBiblical principles. Lewis' grasp of morality and human nature support the sovereignty of Godly ideals by showing how they apply outside of a purely Christian context into everyones everyday life and character.If you wish to understand the nature of goodness and the many 'whys' behind it Lewis pieces answers together with supreme simplicity, reason and logic. It will equip you to defend the Gospel, deepen your understanding of morality and familiarize you with Jesus teachings without the fire-breathing rhetoric of dogma.Get it!",
21293,__label__1,"Not a timeless text: The novel contains some unkosher stereotypes that detract from the sincerity of Isadora Zelda's enlightenment. Isadora seeks to create an unmolded definition of herself -- a non-suicidal, female artist free of male obsession. However, she mocks her African-American brother-in-law for being white because he is a wealthy doctor who enjoys golf (as if he is not allowed to define himself outside of typical views). Isadora wants others to value her poetry but mocks all greasy (her words) Arabs for writing poems. She wants a lover who will understand her complexity. Nonetheless, she takes the close-minded attitude that all Germans loved Hitler. Stereotypes and racial bias litter the novel (even her second husband is an inscrutable -her words again- Chinese man). I could not enjoy Isadora's rise to empowerment because her accent seemed dependent upon the lowering and dismissing of other people.",
21294,__label__1,"**Hooray**For the Symbolism...**Boo**For the Plot: A very trippy novel filled with Freudian imagery! The explicit erotic fantasies and ""bitchiness"" of the main character, Isadora Wing, were entertaining. However, I found it to be very depressing in general. Although it is refreshing to see a female author write with such sexual inhibition....the plot seems to be lacking realism. Isadora actually made me nauseous at times with her bad selection of boy toys! I think a visit from the personal hygeine fairy would have been nice. She was definitely a woman who was playing with a few cards short of a full deck! In my opinion the first few chapters were the best...and the conclusion was disappointing and left me wanting more closure between Isadora & her husband!",
21295,__label__1,"Yup, it's LIT: I was searching for the words to review this book for you, so I was scanning through other reviews to see if anyone else had the same feel for it I did. Then I read this: ""Every woman, every man should read this book it gives great insight on the insecurities of women. From sentence one I felt like Isadora Zelda White Wing spoke to me of my own doubts and emotional struggles. All of a sudden I was not alone...I was not lost, her journey was mine and mine hers.""And I realized that this was IT. THIS paragraph was exactly why I can NOT recommend this book. Wish I had read this before I bought it. Oh, boy does it ever ""gives great insight""!! You will hear over and over again about how tormented Isadora's life is, how confused she is. So tormenting of me that I had to put this book down. Tried to pick it up again and again, just couldn't get through it.For those that enjoy this style - enjoy in good health with all your emotional struggles!!",
21296,__label__2,"Who Doesn't?: This is a very adult book. Glad I read it late in life, I might have missed its beauty. Should be required reading.",
21297,__label__2,"Kept me turning the pages....: It was interesting and empowering because it echoed what goes through women's minds. Maybe we wouldn't have made the same choices that this woman did but it was refreshing to read a book where a woman made exotic choices, lived through them and became strengthened in the end.This book is a worthwhile read for those who are interested in seeing a woman lose herself in order to find herself.",
21298,__label__1,Not my favorite: I picked this book as it was a big hit. It is a little tough to read and I haven't finished it yet. It is not like me. Can't say it's the best thing I ever read.,
21299,__label__1,"Don't waste your time: Perhaps this was ""on the edge"" years ago - now it is just a very slow read. The main character needs to grow up.",
21300,__label__2,"HONESTY AT IT'S BEST!!!!!: Erica Jong is still as relevant today as she was 21 years ago. She tells it as it was and still is. This is a must for all young ladies even in the 21st century. I enjoy her descriptive prowess and her point-blank in your face attitude to life...you may not agree with her, but you can't help but to admire her. I'll leave my copy for my daughters to read in the near future.",
21301,__label__1,"Main character was unlikable: I couldn't stand the protagonist. Of course, I'm not sure she was MEANT to be likable in the first place, but still, she turned me off. Plus, I had the constant thought running through my head throughout the book, ""So just go get laid already, who really cares?"" I suppose it was a big deal when it was originally written, but nowadays? Totally irrelevant.",
21302,__label__1,"Waiting for Amazon.com censors......: Fear of Flying (FOF) upset me, a male reader. Protagonist Isidora likes to sleep around, and since 'effing' was so critical to her, she should have become a hooker. My sympathies lie with the poor husband(s) who are apparently clueless and/or insane. Women's lib as depicted in this book is a phony exercise where women attempt 'equal' status with men 'plus' their usual treachery and guile. BTW, this is a redone review after PC amazon censors blocked the first.",
21303,__label__1,"So what?: Here we have a woman who didn't know if she loves or not her husband and want an affair, if you tell me that that is the way that all the women think I really don't agree with that, I don't really think that this book could save any marriage or even any relation, having an affair is against all the laws, but many people do that (I said many not all) and I think that if one is having an affair he or she will not tell the New York Times, this things are secretes always or almost always.This book has to many pages that doesn't say anything or what it says is out of range of any book, but why she has to returned to her husband? I thing that Isadora really needs help.",
21304,__label__2,"Top Of My List: A very witty, funny, insightful and honest book that had surely passed the test of time. With her brilliant writing, Erica Jong had candidly and courageously voiced the hope, the fear, the joy, the anxiety, the desire, and the frustration of being a woman. She did all this with a wonderful sense of humor.I've enjoyed this book very much and more than one time. It has a permanent place on my nightstand. Every time, I want something good to read, I just simply pull this book out, randomly open at any page and start reading. Works every time. Thank you Erica Jong!",
21305,__label__1,"Protofeminist Psychobabble--Not Worth Your Time: I tried giving it a shot but the book is (1) not sexy, as it is marketed, (2) about a lurid main character/narrator whom I can't follow, (3) filled with 1970s-style Freudian psycho-bull that attempts, amateurishly, to explain gender roles and relations, and (4) very solipsistic. It doesn't seem at all like fiction but the bickerings of a sexually frustrated woman who thinks too much about herself and who doesn't seem to be all that bright but manages to parade under some kind of feministic pseudo-intellectual banner. I just found the narrator despicable and didn't finish the book. I can't believe it has such a high review on Amazon, which means, I guess, that the majority of people reading it in 2011 are people who are already sympathetic to the book or author.Don't bother. If you want sex pick up Anais Nin or Zane or Philip Roth--anything else that has a story or good prose style, just not this.",
21306,__label__1,"Could not finish it --- just too filthy.: This author's lack of mastery of the English language is apparent by the number of times she feels compelled to use the ""F"" word. For some reason, I had never read this popular book when it came out --- now I know why!",
21307,__label__1,Not at all the feminist work I'd imagined: Seemed to be an experiment in stream of consciousness with a storyline. The constant thoughts of the character seem to interfere with the book. There is odd sexual situations and thoughts which I assume was very provocative at the time but now are just like amateur literotica. Not recommended.,
21308,__label__1,"Please quit leaving out pages, Nabu Press: Bancroft and Zumpt did a great job with the content. Nabu Press's print job is blurry, but the free Google ebook also has blurry printing. Maybe no clearly-printed exemplars exist. Nabu Press says on an end-paper: ""This book may have occasional imperfections such as missing or blurred pages, poor pictures, errant marks, etc. that were either part of the original artifact, or were introduced by the scanning process."" Nabu did indeed leave pages 136 and 137 out of this book. I got this book on a sale for something like 7 or 8 dollars. I am not going to pay full price for Nabu Press books until they give up their right to omit pages. The paper and ink are fine. If Nabu has worked from a clearly-printed exemplar, the book would probably be an excellent print-on-demand. Until Nabu Press quits excusing itself for bad workmanship on its books, I will only be tempted to buy their books when they are at a 2/3 discount.",
21309,__label__1,"The magnet in the lid killed my iPod's hard drive!: I thought this was going to be a great tool to have so I could watch and work. I put my iPod in the case and then the iPod started making this crunching sound like an old hard drive, and the screen went black and it never turned back on. I emailed the company and they said they would refund my money if it was still in the packaging. A) Of course is wasn't in the packaging!! B) The $17 I paid for the stupid case was not what I was worried about! It was the several hundred I had paid for my iPod.DONOTBUY!!!!",
21310,__label__1,Boring: I really didn't find any new information that I hadn't read before about Troy. It lacked something of value and certainly not worth the money unless you are really a huge Troy Aikman fan. The book went immediatly in my garage sale and of course I had to continue marking down the price to get it bought. 2.00.Pictures were also boring and seemed to be written by a 10 year old.,
21311,__label__2,A class act!!!!: This book is a must have. It lets you into Troy's world and really does show what a class act he is.,
21312,__label__2,"it's fresh prince: this is fresh prince, what else can you say, this is the best show ever that's ever happened . .",
21313,__label__2,Funny episide: I love fresh prince. This brings back memories. Video quality is great. I actually bought 2 seasons already.It was great watching one of the many episodes andbglad to see that amazon offers episode purchase,
21314,__label__2,"Escape to the past and come to the present: A great history / love story DVD in IMAX, I especially liked the Phil Jones special feature that teaches about the Didgeridoo and Australia.Also some cool folk stories about Emus andnew slant on how the world was created.",
21315,__label__1,"Worst film: Downloaded this one by mistake, horrible film, I think anyone could make a better film than thisYou must not view this film I think it's a must ""not"" see.You will be sorry and it's not worth the time.",
21316,__label__1,"Getting Worse: I should have known better, these movies are not getting any better, just the opposite. I hope this is the last one.",
21317,__label__1,"Ridiculous: Their behavoir makes no sense. Their reaction to what is happening is cartoonish, it might of worked as a comedy.",
21318,__label__1,This movie sucked: Its bulls***. Do not watch this movie. I hate it. Its stupid. Guuur! Its a waste of money. I got ripped off....,
21319,__label__1,"Don't waste your money: I thought I had ordered something else this movie realy had nothing to, it waste of my time and money and now I own it.",
21320,__label__1,Abnormal Activity 4 Review: I was very disappointed in this film. It was not scary or very realistic. It was just not what I expected based on trailers about the movie. I would not recommend it due to stated reasons.,
21321,__label__1,"It was OK.: Kind of entertaining. The female lead was too annoying. That role in this type of movie usually is, but she was over the top annoying. Some pretty creepy elements. surprising story...",
21322,__label__1,Bastards: This was the stupidest film ever and I want to slap whoever took my $3 to rent this trash!! Maybe I was expecting something totally different than what i recieved when I clicked play or this was seriously the most tard movie I have ever watched in history,
21323,__label__1,"awful: this movie was so stupid, not scarey in any way at all and barely got through much of it before hitting delete.",
21324,__label__1,"WOOF!: Hard to imagine that a film with Burt Lancaster, Irene Pappas and Ingrid Thulin, and with music composed by Morricone could be so bad. However, the Video Hound Golden Retriever gives it a well-deserved ""WOOF!"", the lowest rating for those who don't know the book. An introspective Moses is fine, but the remainder of the cast is underused and underserved. What hurts most is the anachronistic expresssion of ideas expressed in equally anachronistic language. A good alternative to this and Demille's Ten Commandments glitz is Moses featuring Ben Kingsley.",
21325,__label__2,"Moses: This is a very good movies, I'am glad i purchased it. the best acting i have seen in a long time. mnbrown49",
21326,__label__1,"Burt most have needed the $$.: Great actor, absolutely terrible movie. So bad that it is almost funny.",
21327,__label__1,"Should be Titled 'No-Sew' Playful Toys: I am dissappointed by the projects in this book. In many cases, the instructions indicate that parts should be glued together when sewing them together would be simple enough and would increase the longevity of the finished work (important considering the end user). The pictures are nice and make the projects look good, but time and again I have picked up this book thinking I will make something for my kids and put it down in frustration realizing that there isn't a project in the book that I want to do.",
21328,__label__1,"Very Basic: This book reads more like a college term paper than a book. Perhaps it was based on the listing that it was also published in the Journal of Housing for the Elderly. The tables are very poorly formatted (sideways, what is that about?) and mostly not very informative. I am researching to open a Residential Care Service and I would say of the 106 short pages in this book I found maybe 10 of them useful or interesting. Also note that the book was written in 1991 so all of the demographic and pricing information is 18 years out of date.",
21329,__label__2,"Moving Forward Just A Bit: The relationship once thought most likely to succeed hits the rocks, while the ""player"" Makoto finds a degree of success in a most unlikely place. Just another adventure in the course of this very smart, and very true to life story. It impresses me no end that there are no quick fixes or simple answers to these three guy's problems; hard lessons have to be learned and pain has to be experienced. I once commented that the storytelling was almost too subtle, but that is because of this story's simple honesty. That makes this baby a keeper, and definitely one that I would recommend.",
21330,__label__1,"Learn to ride!: If you think you need this bit, you need to learn how to train and ride a horse better. There is never a need for such severity.",
21331,__label__2,"The modular origami Bible: The well known and much revered Ms. Fuse has written the Bible of modular paperfolding. Her brilliant, interlocking models are highlighted here in excellent black and white photos, with a color section of many completed works that is simply breathtaking. Although some of the models are geared more for the origami sophisticate (I'm thinking of certain 96-piece models at this point), even the 'folding neophyte will have much to learn from and enjoy in this classic work. This book is definitely the pride and joy of my origami literature collection, and is a must have for anyone who has any interest in the field.",
21332,__label__2,"Beginner's guide to Modular Origami: This is a great introduction to modular origami. There are a lot of examples of different ways to put the modules together, creating a different look with the same parts. But just as a warning, if you don't enjoy repetition and get bored easily, modular origami is probably not for you. Getting all the units folded is pretty boring, but putting the end product together is extremely gratifying.",
21333,__label__2,"Definetly Fuse's best english book: Tomoko Fuse is popular for her amazing origami figures that she creates with unique units (over 50 books in print). This book is no exeption. Possibly her best book ever, this book is a combination of all her most interesting items taken from her other books in Japanese and Korean. I own a few of the forgein language books and I find many things in the book that I enjoy folding, and many that I hate. This book has MOST of the cooler items from her most famous books. If you are a fan of unit origami or just like geometry, then buy this book.",
21334,__label__2,"Very hard, yet fun and addicting: This game has one of the steepest learning curves to ever meet the Playstation. It is unbelieveably realistic and can be a very fun game if you have the skills for it. The training mode is very helpful and must be used in order to play the game. RC Stunt Copter may cause frustration at first, but given time, can be a very fun and realistic simulation.",
21335,__label__2,"A great surprise!: This game really surprised me in a couple of ways.I kept hearing it was really hard and frustrating, but I just went through the training first, and it helped me get my skills up high enough to manage just fine. Then I slowly made my way up to harder and harder copters. Great sense of progression!Something I didn't expect at all was the humor. There is a voice giving surprisingly intelligent feedback to just about everything you do, and he's really funny. And there's a 'virtual' hand you can throw up to block the screen when you're playing against someone else in the 2-player mode.And the whole time you're learning to fly a real r/c helicopter! I've never flown one myself, but now that I can manage the Ace copter in this game, I can't wait to give it a try with a real one, and maybe even buy one myself if I can afford it.Very unique...a great breath of fresh air!",
21336,__label__2,"A remarkably touch tale of a spirited youth: Garden's Corner is a remarkably touching tale of a spirited youth, Little Speedy Copeland who embarks on a mission to make peace with a friend. The book takes the reader on the journey with Little Speedy Copeland as he risks his health and defies his mothers wishes. The book deals with human themes as friendship, compassion and the agonizing cruelty that many people encounter in their lives. A reader will be engrossed and suprised as they travel to Garden's Corner.",
21337,__label__2,"Garden's Corner is a tale of awakening and perseverence.: Garden's Corner is a book that everyone should read. The book allows the reader to see him/herself in the characters. It teaches you many of lifes great lessons in terms of family and friendship. Little Speedy Copeland and his grandmother, Miss Pearl, are characters whom you can relate to. Through Little Speedy's encounters you learn that no matter what trials and tribulations you have gone through you should never give up. You should look forward instead of dwelling in the past.",
21338,__label__2,"Excellent Urban Tale: Garden's Corner catches the flavor of growing up in New York City, without trying to have flava. It is the tale of Little Speedy Copeland, a young Black man trying to understand life in the aftermath of a terrible incident. Like main characters in many great stories he goes through a journey of discovery and redemption. The story rings true with many realistic details and personalities and it does not try to exagerate or belittle. Highly recommended.",
21339,__label__2,"Throtons: I was very happy and excited with this purchase. I have been looking for this product for a while but never knew what they were called in order to search for it. It's our family's favorite summer toy and we just called it a ""throwbie"", but there was only one among us that my husband had from his college years (which actually has lasted over 15 years - showing how durable it is). I wanted to buy one for each family with kids because it was really helpful in teaching them to catch & throw because the throton is rubbery soft and they are not afraid of it. It is also the favorite throwing toy among all of the adults - men & women alike - and we can play with it for hours whether on land or in the lake. This Set of 6 purchase through Amazon.com was the best deal since I was able to buy 6 different colored ones for each family like I wanted at a final cost of $15 each versus $20 or higher at other places.",
21340,__label__2,"Classic Lenin: Democratic Centralism, the whys and wherefores along with history and positions detailing the split within the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party. Some of the references that Lenin makes would have been easily known in his time though for us, checking the writings of Karl Kautsky and Plekhanov are recommended as with most of Lenin's works. If one cannot find the works of the above mentioned see [...]",
21341,__label__2,very good: this halter has worked very well with our great dane. he can't drag me at the sight of every bunny or lizard now.,
21342,__label__1,"Not working for my dog: I have a 70lb dog, very hyper, extremely excited when he sees other dogs or small children, this halter doesn't work for my dog.",
21343,__label__1,waste of money for lg dogs: did not work for my dogs. waste of money. easy to return.still looking for one that is simple and works. i have mastiffs and found it flimsey.maybe it works for small dogs,
21344,__label__1,"Rarely does an album disappoint on so many levels: Let me start right out and give Sawyer his due...he is a great Uke player.Now let's look at the album length...33 minutes on a CD is exactly like buying a vinyl album and discovering it only has grooves on one side of it...I felt ripped off right away.Next let me say that another entirely too predictable rendition of The Sloop John B adds nothing to the album, nor does the sort of awful vocal rendering.I was wondering just who he paid to produce this album and I think therein lies the problem. It is self produced. A Uke player he is...a producer he is not. And Jake Shimabukuru he sure is not, either.",
21345,__label__2,"Holds like Glue: I bought this nearly two years ago and it still works great. It covers the entire back seat and then some of my Subaru Forester. The long velcro strips at either end and the and rubberized backing hold it firmly in place -no creeping or shifting whatsoever.The rubber-like back prevents all unpleasant liquids from getting through to the upholstery! Dog hair and dried mud vacuum off easily.Also, the sturdy material and ruberized backing prevent the cover from tearing if you cut it. I put two 3 inch slices in it to fit the seat belts through and there has been no tearing at all at the cut sites.This car seat cover will last forever! I even washed it with no problems.I wish they made them for the front!",
21346,__label__1,"NOT WORTH THE $80: I was pleased with the service of the company, but the seat cover is NOT worth $80. It was a little too short for my Tahoe, even though I got the XL. I do like the fact it covers part of the floor and for the most part stays in place. I have 3 large dogs (lab, german shepard, and a great dane), and with all 3 of them in the back seat, the seat cover did not move. I just think the price they charge for these things is way too much and I think this works just as well as other seat covers out there that cost a lot less",
21347,__label__2,"Story of an interesting artist: Despite all odds-- cultural, familial, financial-- Emily Carr became an artist without compromise. She is a very good writer and very insightful. A good book for all who enjoy reading artist's autobiographies, but especially for artists who are now also struggling to maintain their visions.",
21348,__label__2,"Soyinka's Nobel Prize not for Interpreters: This is to correct the ""educated"" reviewer who claimed Wole soyinka won the Nobel Prize for ""The Interpreters"". Soyinka wrote this novelvery very early in his carreer. According to the citation, Soyinkas's Nobel Prize was for his plays, of which ""Death and the King's Horseman"" is arguably one of the best plays of the 20th century. The ""I lived in Africa for 10 years"" reviewer never read the play in his/her 10 years in the country called Africa!",
21349,__label__2,"Discovering a new call of God on your life: I attended a seminar lead by Tom and Christine Sine the authors of this book. They had a gentle way of helping you discover what God was wanting to do in our life, and what your vision was for your future life, and the future shape of your faith community. They helped you with integrity listen to God.At the same time many friends were reading ""The purpose driven life"" by Rick Warren. That book did not connect with me as its language was not gender inclusive and it seemed more of a prescription: in the sense of do this: and this will happen.I prefer the way presented in Tom and Christine's book which is more of an exploration, it allows lost of _room for the Holy Spirit to speak_ to you in new and different ways. This is a way I have discovered that God speaks to me. Prescriptions don't work for me.If you want to discover a new life, and explore a new call of God on your life, then this book is highly valuable in _starting_ to expl",re this
21350,__label__1,"pass on this: bought in advance for grandson's first christmas. did a fair amount of research to find what I thought would be a great spinning top - a motion he really enjoys. A complete waste - toy does not move, so no sense of spinning and interior moves at high speed that a baby could not even recognize what is moving. Unfortunately, just passed date to return. Don't waste your money.",
21351,__label__2,cute: For some reason I thought the horses rocked back and forth but they don't. It's still a nice toy and better quality than what you find from the big brands out there. What I like is the top button is really sensitive so it's easy for small babies to push and get immediate gratification which is important when learning cause and effect.,
21352,__label__1,"A Rehash: Nothing in this book that hasn't already been said elsewhere. And said better. The author presents the obvious and provides little or no flavoring from personal experience. The quality of the prose is worthy of a high school student. A few pictures might have helped a bit, but even that's doubtful.",
21353,__label__1,"Typos, typos, and imbecilities: There are SO many typos in the answer keys of some of the exercises [I feel that it] render almost all the sample tests useless (unless one goes back question by question to find all the errors, and since one is unlikely to go back to look at a question believed to have been answered correctly, one doesn't actually know how well one has done.) Worse, in the section meant to analyze capabilities, [I feel] it is often assumed that one doesn't know how to do a question -- and hence the only correct answer is to say that one has guessed!As a result, one may be misled to work on a course of study that is unnecessary, and miss the one that is!A shocking piece of work.",
21354,__label__2,"""Drive Me Wild"" is a winner!: Whoever Allana Nash is, I guess that she goes more for the ""artistes"" that tend to break up over artistic differences and are never heard from again, and not the talented bands that prove that they have staying power! Sawyer Brown, who have won numerous fan voted and industry awards, have a WINNER with ""Drive Me Wild"". My personal favorites in this collection are the title cut, ""I'm In Love With Her"" (beautiful! ), and ""All Wound Up"". I have followed and been friends with these guys for 15 years, and if Mark Miller sings in a ""smarmy, big boy"" way, he can sing that way for this ol' girl ANY TIME! ""Mediocre""? Puh-leeze!",
21355,__label__2,"Got to know Sawyer Brown: I've heard Sawyer Brown sing for years but I've never really listened to him, until the video 800 pound Jesus. He has an incredible voice. This CD has been in someone's player ever since I bought it. The whole family has really enjoyed it. This was my first Sawyer Brown CD, but not my last.",
21356,__label__2,"This is one Great Album: I haven't been a big Sawyer Brown fan, until now. This is a great album. Thanks to Crystal for getting me to listen to this album.",
21357,__label__2,"The story behind the latest revelations: These two authors are passionate, eloquent and fully knowledgeable in convincingly telling the full story about the looting of the antiquities of Italy and elsewhere and in identifying the culprits. Next time at the Getty or the Met gander at those lovely antiquities because the bet is they were ""looted"" and without legitimate provenance. This book carefully and thoroughly uncovers the sordid truth.",
21358,__label__2,this CD Rocks! can't wait for the next!: this Cd was recomended to me by my best friend and I will recomend it to anyone else! I can understand why the receivers were voted number one in a bay area servey!,
21359,__label__1,English to Russian Dictionary: This dictionary only translates from English into Russian so it is likely to be nearly worthless for native English speakers.,
21360,__label__2,I love it!: Got this for my husband and he was thrilled! Especially since this one has the illustrations along with the story. Great gift for him!,
21361,__label__2,"Beloved ""Cow"": This is my 1 year old Granddaughter's favorite toy. She goes nowhere without her beloved ""Cow"". It soft and cuddley yet has stood up to day in and out handling. The tail has suffered a little fuzz-loss during teething but it's still intact. Although the feet feel like a bean bag chair no stuffing has escaped. People comment on it a lot - it's a much more interesting toy then a Teddy Bear.",
21362,__label__1,"self-absorbed, rambling, scattered, disjointed....: For the life of me, I don't see what people get out of Kathleen Norris' writing! Her thoughts are jumbled, scattered, rambling, disjointed, and highly self-absorbed to boot!If you want to read a REAL book about monastic life, I recommend The Genessee Diary. Pass on this one. I feel that I've completely wasted the few hours I spent trudging through this tome.",
21363,__label__2,"The Author's Spiritual Journey Defined By Creative Thought: This book received excellent reviews; I had to satisfy my curiosity and read it. I slowly read, hoping to discover some great truths I may have missed these past 6 decades.The book is unique in that the author explains how monks and nuns live, work, and worship together in communities and also how she had the freedom to come and go as she pleased, worshipping in her protestant church as well.This is a nice book for tolerant people of any faith. Everyone can benefit from quiet reflection, from reading scripture, from singing hymns, and from praying. We all have the freedom to worship God in different ways. Kathleen Norris was curious about the catholic faith, although she remains a protestant. Her experience within the monastery is beneficial to her soul and she describes how, as a poet and writer, the rituals, liturgy, and hospitality within the monastic setting further her own understanding of spirituality.",
21364,__label__1,"Please Walk Away: Beneath its beautiful cover this book started well then rapidly became a modernist exercise in denunciation of matters, beliefs, situations that find Kathleen Norris' disfavor. She hides her complaints well at first with her pretense of praise for the ancient Benedictine traditions, but like M. Scott Peck's In Search of Stones, which this work reminds me of so much, it soon becomes clear the topics within have varying degrees of subject matter in common with what this misleadingly marketed book is about. I wanted a book about modern Benedictines and the experience of residing among them and instead got a bellicose, self-obsessed, self-congratulatory account of times selectively spent brushing up against a semi-monastic existence. A boring, frustrating, sometimes almost unfathomable letdown because in description The Cloister Walk sounded so good.",
21365,__label__1,"Mixed Blessings: Norris' book was so highly praised that some disappointment was inevitable. There are some good insights, but they're mixed in with pompous, snobblish, quirky, cranky, and deliberately obtuse comments. Her language is frequently adolescent, with pointless vulgarity or slang. She is remarkably self-centered. Her model for this is Thomas Merton, but it's a pity she imitates all his worst habits!",
21366,__label__1,"Complete disappointment: This was not at all what I expected. It was just nostalgic rhetoric, didn't have any real depth to it. I stopped reading it after maybe 30 pages.",
21367,__label__1,"Not what I thought: I was pretty disappointed with this book. I tried to stay with it, thinking it might get better but ended up putting it down after about half way.The author focuses more on her personal, anecdotal stories then her actual time spent in the monastery living among the vowed. Absent was any insights or conversion gained by her experiences with the religious, which was more what I was looking for.Anyone wanting to understand more about the depths of faith gained from religious life should spend their time and money reading some of the saints instead.",
21368,__label__2,"Strange and Beautiful: As a lapsed Catholic and a searching person for the meaning of organized religion in my life, I found this book rich with bursts of insight. The various personalities in religion; aspects of life within the Benedictine church; and a variety of small, beautiful critical thinking essays on the meanings of icons and values are some of the topics Norris explores in her chapters.Overall, they are thought-provoking and reveal a person who is more than a visitor to the ways of the Benedictine.I only gave four stars, since I found her writing style a bit distracting and the organization of the book not exactly conducive to easy reading. It's true that each chapter is a handful, but the editor might have done Norris a favor by facilitating the outline of the book.",
21369,__label__2,"Inspiring (rjoc@aol.com): Kathleen Norris takes her readers on a splendid journey into the monastic life and hence into the self. Her deeply reflective prose quotes some of the desert fathers and mothers on prayer, monastic living, celibacy, psychology, etc. I especially appreciated her critique of virginity and virgin martyrs of the Church. Norris' experience of monastic living combined with the wisdom of that tradition makes her book a fine read.",
21370,__label__1,"What the . . . ?: After reading this book, a very supernatural thing happened to me. . .I started praying non-stop! And this pray basically went, ""Lord, forget all about that other crap I asked for, just help me get my money back from buying that aweful book, ""The Cloister Walk"". It was a rambling, uninsightful book which talked at great length about being a poet and surprisingly little about the process involved in choosing the cloistered walk, which was more of what I was expecting. I love writing and poetry, but it should not dominate the discussion in such a book. I almost cried as I forced myself to finish the book, with my Grandma's words ""Waste not, want not"" at the forefront of my mind.",
21371,__label__1,"Saddened: Although Ms. Norris book describes much of the beauty of the Catholic faith, it ultimately is spoiled by conceit and self-promotion. I was dismayed that someone who does not embrace the Catholic faith would have no qualms receiving the Holy Eucharist. Kathleen Norris should stick with describing the Protestant Faith she espouses.",
21372,__label__2,"underrated, and a gem for Danny Kirwan fans: I completely disagree with the previous review on this album , especially the part of Purple Dancer being the worst song Kirwan ever wrote. Purple Dancer is one of the most sought after songs of the early FM era,and even though it is not the original release,it's available only on this set. And maybe it's not perfect,but this release is solid and raw and it captures fleetwood Mac during the Kiln house tour which was short lived , due to Jeremy Spencer's dissapearance from the band to join the children of god. Also I would like to add that it is rare to find any fleetwood mac live recordings between the eras of the band that was after the Peter Green days, and Before the Buckingham , Nicks era. So in my opinion if you are a FM fan of all the eras, you will be glad this is available. Let's just hope it stays available , and maybe there will so some recordings released during the ""Future Games"" or ""Bare Trees"" era.",
21373,__label__1,"Terrible sound quality: This import sounds like a poor bootleg tape. Even if you enjoy the blues sound of early Fleetwood Mac, this one is pure misery. Stick with the legitimate labels",
21374,__label__2,"It sort of puts things in perspective: All the things in this book, you may have read/seen before. But, something about the book ties it all together. It makes you think. At least for me it did. It helps me keep the importance of sleep on my mind. I did skip some sections that did not apply to me or that I did not think I needed helped with. I don't think it is a book for someone who has major sleep issues that require medical attention. But as a person who is busy, sucked in by internet or late night TV, or just being a night owl, this book helps me. Even after I finished it I have thought about important points in the book. Thinking of it has made me turn off the TV and get in bed when before I probably would not even have thought about it. I have not been getting 7-8 hours in as much as I should but since reading the book about a month ago, I have not had any nights of less than 6 hours of sleep. That's saying a lot for a 4 hour a night sleeper.",
21375,__label__1,"not so good: pls note that the author is not a psychiatrist or neorologist, the book is a big promotion for his own consulting business, you read about how good he is rather than how you could have a good night, 'no more sleepless night', though a bit dated, is better by far",
21376,__label__2,"Good Practical Advice: I thought I'd heard every statistic and help tip that existed re: sleep problems and sleep hygiene -- keep your room cold and dark, wear earplugs, etc. But refreshingly, this book had a few tips I hadn't seen or heard elsewhere -- including descriptions of several yoga-like relaxation and meditation exercises to help you unwind.I'm particularly fond of the concept of a ""power down hour"" where you spend a full, committed hour to unwinding before bed. Though it sounds unrealistic in the modern world, that anyone would take a full hour to do this, the cool thing is that 1/2 of this wind-down hour is meant to be devoted to doing what the author calls ""mindless chores"" like folding laundry. Makes a lot of sense to me, to save these chores for late night, when doing them may actually help put you to sleep!There are a lot of tips like this in the book. Highly recommended overall.",
21377,__label__2,"Stay FOr The Credits!: As ben stiller says staying for the credits is always a good thing. In this movie fat white goodman dances to ""My milkshake"" at the end of the credits!",
21378,__label__2,"A Slow Beginning Turns Out To Be A Great Film: For me, this film to a little while to warm up to. I like films like this, but it really had a slow beginning. But after the first fifteen minutes, it really picks up and is very entertaining. The jokes are funny and what I like most about the film is all the people in it and who make the cameos. William Shatner, Chuck Norris, and even Alan Tudyk who played Wash on Firefly, one of my favorite TV series, is in this film. Overall, I ended up liking this better than I thought I would have judging from the beginning of the film.",
21379,__label__1,"A movie that tries too hard to be funny, and falls flat.: Dodgball has the formula to be a classic. What can be funnier than seeing a bunch of people get pelted with red rubber balls? But somewhere during execution, the film lost whatever magic it may have had. Ben Stiller's character is like a lame version of Zoolander, that tries to be funny, but fails horribly. Vince Vaughn is also not funny and not a likeable character along with his crew of strange outcasts of life. When they got Ben and Vince against each other, I could care less who won.Simple movie goers may like this film, but people looking for a comedy that's more than just stupid one liners (that aren't even good.) Dodgeball does not deliver. When I went to see this movie I expected nothing from it, and I got less. I'm only giving this 2 stars because of a few cheap laughs it had that actualy were successful, other than that, it was a complete failure. One of the worst movies of 2004.",
21380,__label__1,"Dude, where's my dignity?!: OKay, Ben, not even guys getting hit in the face with [dodge]balls is gonna save you this time. Did they just unfreeze your Starsky charcter and put you in this movie? You're killin me!!!!! Do something different!The rest of the cast was good, although not the same can be said of the jokes. This could have been a thirty minute movie, maybe add another 10 minutes of that kid getting hit with the wrenches.If you love Ben Stiller please ""See all my reviews""",
21381,__label__1,"I don't know, maybe it's just me. I didn't laugh.: I love comedies that are cleverly made. 'Dodgeball' had all of the SNL ingredients and that's what made it old. The concept of a movie based on the game of dodgeball is brilliant, it just wasn't executed right. This could have been a marriage made in heaven with Ben Stiller and a 'Rocky'-type ending. But there's no emotion here and the jokes are stale 90's retro. How many times do you have to throw in a 'lesbian' joke or mock Asian people? I would be ashamed to even be associated with a movie that puts down people who are in the minority.Yes, the film did great at the boxoffice, but so what? The crowd went to see Ben Stiller and the concept of dodgeball. I think this film brought the American comedy to yet another low. Will someone please bring back the great American comedy?",
21382,__label__1,"WARNING - TERRIBLE: I'm not sure how many crappy movies Stiller can put out in a given year, but as far as crappy (no pun intended for Envy movie), this tops the heap.Just Bloody Awful!!!!!!! Don't waste your purchase or rental money on this garbage! You'll be sorry. Luckily I saw for free, but still feel ripped off of 92 minutes of my life.",
21383,__label__1,"Ben Stiller Keeps On Sucking...: I have to agree with the other 1-star reviewers. This movie sucks. Ben Stiller needs to get a life and stop appearing in every single comedy movie. Same thing with the ever-so-not-funny Vince Vaughn. This is stupid. It's not so stupid that it's funny, it's so stupid that you want to vomit.I was looking forward to seeing this movie when it came out. Luckily, I never had the chance, because Ben Stiller's (...). When I saw it on DVD, I was far from disappointed. I was disgusted! If I recorded a game of dodgeball during gym class, this would be better than this piece of crap. Besides, who likes the game dodgeball?(...)",
21384,__label__1,dodge this movie: this film is retarded. what a waste of ben stiller's talent.i cant believe i allowed my bf to make me sit thru two hours of this torture in the theatre. i want to scream every time i think about it.,
21385,__label__1,"Could this picture be worse???: I have seen some bad movies in my time but nothing compares to this stinker (well Dumb and Dumber comes close)! The film looks like it was filmed in someone's garage. The lack of any real plot, the lame hokey formulaic sentimentality and the atrocious and overdone (so-called) acting of Ben Stiller (quickly sinking his career into oblivion) leaves one in a stupor or was it nausea? I enjoy a no-brainer as much as anyone but this one requires a lobotomy to derive a feeble laugh. Stay away and please Rawson Marshall Thurber please consider a career change.",
21386,__label__2,"Big, Fat, Stupid, FUN! (The cameo's alone are worth it.): First of all, if you are considering the widescreen version of this film...don't. Second, this is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. I can't stop watching it. When it came out in theatres, I thought ""A movie about Dodgeball? How stupid is that?"" I was very wrong.If you like Ben Stiller (which I do) I don't have to say anything. He is extremely funny and plays his role perfectly.To me; however, Vince Vaughn steals the show. I don't know exactly what it is, but I could swear that he ad-libs half of his lines. The character is almost ""too real"".The supporting cast (especially the lovely Christine Taylor) is absolutely perfect. I am not going to babble on about how great the movie is because a long review is boring. I will simply say that when I watch this movie, I feel like I am ""in it."" By the way...the cameo appearances are priceless. Ben Stiller seems to be able to talk anyone into doing anything.",
21387,__label__2,"Possibly the funniest movie of 2004: Vince Vaughn (Old School) and Ben Stiller (There's Something About Mary) have fun here in Dodgeball. I always loved playing it as a kid in gym class and have wished it was a real sport because it's the funnest. However this movie has fun making fun of it and shows how easy it is to make fun of it. Besides Stiller and Vaughn having fun in there roles. Rip Torn is great as the manager of Vaugn's team. He has a few screws loose and tells the players if they can dodge a wrench or...on-going traffic they can dodge a dodgeball..lol. Jason Bateman (Arrested Development) also has fun as a dorky commentator. Chuck Norris and David Hasslehoff ""or however u spell it"" also show up in funny cameos. Anyway this movie is full of funny lines and interesting unusual characters and it's hard not to be entertained by it.",
21388,__label__1,"A Republican Movie: This is one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen, not even ""stupid"" funny, the people that liked or loved this movie voted for Bush........The Presidential Inauguration of George Bush, now that was funny........The fact that people found this movie funny is simply amazing and reflects the lack of taste so prevalent in our society",
21389,__label__1,"sucky: this movie blows, im so sick of these lame comedies can't anyone make a funny movie anymore instead of crap like this and 50 First Dates or the worst of them all Anchorman, if you want something to laugh at i recommend buying a season of Wildboyz. I rented Dodgeball and i still feel ripped off!",
21390,__label__1,More hype without fulfillment: Another movie people rave about being 'hilarious' turns out to be mildly funny at best in a few parts. Wait for the 99 cent rental price.,
21391,__label__2,"Dodge, Dip, Dive, Duck, and Dodge: A really fun movie that you do not need to take seriously. It's a classic Ben Stiller comedy. The unrated version is great, with good extras. Overall, this is a great purchase.",
21392,__label__2,Dodgeball the best movie ever: MAN O MAN THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER.FUNNY 1000/10 LOVE IT.WHENEVER IT FIRST STARTS IT FRIKEN FUNNY BYE GUYS HAHAPS THE WHOLE MOVIE IS FUNNY,
21393,__label__1,"double dipping: American gets dodgeball-grab life by the ball--UK is getting dodgeball uncut-grab life by the balls--more scenes from rip torn and cheerleading backflashes has apparently been taken out from the American release. Don't buy, just wait until they release it uncut. From what I have read online, uncut has some quite hilarious scenes",
21394,__label__1,A genuine waste of time: Crude and silly with a plot worthy of 3rd graders but to vulgar for that age group. I suggest you not waste your time or money on this movie.,
21395,__label__1,Lame script -- lame lead.: Don't get me wrong. I like the concept behind Dodgeball -- the lowbrow comedy that actual works a couple of times during this otherwise woefully mediocre film. The writing is the worst part. The actors make much of a lot of really unfunny lines -- the dialogue is so off-the-mark that it rarely brings even a smile to the lips. Add to this a male lead who is about as bland and uninteresting as you can imagine -- playing a sort of everyman that you can't even begin to root for -- and Dodgeball becomes a rather bland mess that doesn't live up to the potential of some of its funnier stars (Stephen Root and Ben Stiller at the top of the list).These writers must be related to major Hollywood hitters. No other explanation for how such mediocrity could make it to the screen.,
21396,__label__2,"Friggin' Funny and my Daughter thinks so as well!: I will try not to go too deep into my feelings of this flim but the fact of me being in a CAR ACCIDENT(I am okay) has left me with a bit of a fuzzy memory of the movie, either that or time. Anyhow, from what I do & can recall of the movie I did get a laugh from it a bunch of times. Now I recall this one sence where this hefty boy was singing the MILKSHAKE song, the one that goes ""MY MILKSHAE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TOO THE YARD and THEIR LIKE IT'S BETTER THEN YOURS...""! Awww man Me & my Daughter both think that part is STAND OUT & get a laugh from it. So give it a shot and if you don't laugh then go too your closes NUT HOUSE and get checked out!(l.m.a.o)",
21397,__label__2,one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time: I loved this movie and I would recomend this to any Vince Vaun or Ben Stiller fan. this is a laugh a loud every minuet film and just written very well.,
21398,__label__2,"Good: This movie wasn't quite as funny as I thought it would be, but it still had lots of laughs in it. Lance Armstrong makes a great cameo and Ben Stiller plays a great over the top character once again while Vince Vaughn is in his role of a laid back guy just looking to get by. Really, if you are a fan of anyone in this movie then chances are you will like it.",
21399,__label__2,"simply a very funny movie.: THis movie is very""stupidly"" funny. This movie is full of dumb but great comedy. Ben Stiller and Vince Van are execellent in this movie. Ben Stiller plays the owner of a very cocky gym that doesnt think anyone is good the way they are. Aside from being like evil, he's very funny""example he has a spot on his pants that blows up to make his thing* bigger when hes around girls which is always funny. Vince Van plays the owner of ""average JOes gym"" where everyone is said to be good the way they are. He is probley the best part of the movie and is very funny. Ben trys to buy out average Joes and vince needs to raise money to save it from him. Somehow the only solution is to play dodgeball and win the national championship to win 50,000$ to keep the gym. THis movie will suprize you till the very end. Its a great movie.",
21400,__label__2,"I admit it. I loved it.: I don't usually go for this kind of comedy, but most of this movie slayed me. Director/writer Thurber makes the movie a winner with flying wrenches, a pirate, and the entire cast getting pelted in the face with at least one dodgeball. This movie is tasteless, crass, lowbrow and appeals to the worst in all of us. My worst laughed its tookis off. The David Hasselhoff cameo alone is worth it. Get off your high horse and see this, and break up with anyone who didnt like it.",
21401,__label__2,"hilarious: This movie is absolutely hands down, the funniest ben stiller movie out there, but zoolander is definitely close. The movie is filled with funny scenes, one after another. I laughed almost the whole time. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for all the people that like comedies and/or ben stiller.",
21402,__label__2,"""Money, baby, money!"": I bought this DVD simply because I like Vince Vaughn in comedies. I have been a big fan of his ever since ""Swingers"". I wasn't expecting a whole lot, but I was pleasantly surprised. Christine Taylor does a good job, and the supporting cast was surprisingly good. Ben Stiller gets old after awhile with his way, way over-the-top performance (which is a reprise of a very similar part he played in the movie ""Heavyweights""). This isn't Vaughn's best performance, but it was still enjoyable. There isn't a great deal of plot, and what plot there is is pretty predictable, but hey, this isn't that kind of movie. It's not great stuff, but it's good enough to warrant a recommendation from me. Plus, there are a lot of extras plus a commentary track by Vaughn, Stiller, and the director, so this DVD has that going for it. Overall, a keeper.",
21403,__label__2,"Good Combination of Casting and Writing: To be honest, I resisted watching DODGEBALL because I didn't care much for recent comedies. I also avoided anything with Ben Stiller after several of his unfunny stinkbombs. He really needs to be more picky with his scripts because he is a genuinely funny guy (check out ""The Ben Stiller Show"" to see that).But Stiller is very funny in DODGEBALL, along with everyone else. I wish there had been more Stephen Root and Rip Torn. I also loved Hank Azaria's spoof of old educational films on the history of Dodgeball. After OLD SCHOOL and this movie, Vince Vaughn is becoming the Bill Murray of his generation.Most of this movie is predictable and derivative but it keeps the laughs coming.Funny, funny stuff. Check it out.",
21404,__label__2,"Funny and Smart: When I began to watch Dodgeball, I thought this was going to be a funny movie. I was right this is funny! It is a highly entertaining film that is smart and funny! It may not be hilarious, but it is still enjoyable!",
21405,__label__1,"Borrow it.: Lance Armstrong has the funniest scene in this movie, and that's no strike at the pedaler. It is legitimately funny. Other funny shizzle:1) Numerous shots to the bathing suit parts (Immature? Yes. Always funny? Yes.)2) A bar is named after something disgusting/funny/disgusting again.3) Vince Vaughn occasionally reminds you that his dry wit still exists.4) The blooper scene with the ref--""Laughing really ....""5) The ""alternate"" ending.All told, this list comprises roughly three and one half minutes of the movie. After the tag-team debacle that is Starsky-->Dodgeball, it will be difficult for me to go see another heavily pimped Stiller production.""Laughing the whole movie...""""Funniest movie I've ever seen...""""Non-stop hilarity...""?",
21406,__label__1,"I should have dodged this one.: Sorry but this movie stunk. Maybe one or two laughs at most. That turd movie ""Envy"" was funnier than this garbage.",
21407,__label__1,"Talked up by its stars - but dodge this rubbish: Dodge is the key word! You will be better off to buy some of Ben Stiler's fun stuff rather than this unfunny production. Vince Vaughan - was that acting? Appalling in the extreme. Unfair on the team! Recommended is Bens part in the brilliant British TV production: ""Extras""",
21408,__label__1,Campy&Horrible: this film is a walking Sports Cliche&just seems to try to throw everything out there&never makes much sense.still didn't get the real point of the film.I never found the film funny at all.very Campy&nothing stood out for me at all.,
21409,__label__1,"Lose 90 minutes of your life that you'll never get back.....: This movie is horrible. I saw it at a matinee because it was doing really well at the box office and I figured if a lot of people were going to see it that it must be pretty funny. Well, that was wrong; this movie was very, very stupid and I didn't laugh once. I would rather spend 90 minutes cleaning the bathroom or reading the dictionary - you get the idea. Don't waste your time. If you're stubborn, then rent it before you buy it so you can see for yourself how stupid this movie is. Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are funny guys, but this movie is like a paint by numbers (done by someone with shaky hands).",
21410,__label__1,"Purchased for my nephew: I would never have bought this movie for myself - I think the movie is lame. I borrowed it from my nephew to see it and a friend ""borrowed"" and never returned it. I just bought it because I owed my nephew the movie. There were very few original funny moments in it.",
21411,__label__1,"What a bunch of Bozos: This is not exactly top shelf drama. Mostly very juvenile type humor, if you want to call it that. Two thumbs down!",
21412,__label__1,Poopy in a diaper bag: This movie was horrible.It was like eating turd.Ben Stiller shouldn't inflate in this movie just makes him look weird and Vince Vaughn was tall compared to Ben Stiller.If you are gonna buy this movie just imagine eating poop that's how the movie is like.,
21413,__label__1,"The amount of 4 and 5 star reviews is insane.: This movie is not in the least bit funny. Ben Stiller is not funny anymore he needs to stop releasing films every two months. Vince Vaughn is NOT FUNNY. Everyone in this film is so satisfied with themselves and they must certainly be cracking up after the director yells cut, but they forgot to make the AUDIENCE laugh along with them. I am sick of hollywood giving us the same three people in every comedy. Harold and Kumar is the best place to go for some fresh faces in comedy and a much funnier and much better over all film experience. Dodgeball is comedy for those smokin the wacky tobacky, or people who just find every little damn thing hilarious. I wish I was so easily amused.",
21414,__label__2,"DODGEBALL: I liked everything about this movieYou'll dodge, duck, dip, dive...and laugh out loud watching VINCE VAUGHN and BEN STILLER settle their differences in a winner-take-all dodgeball competition. Under the painful tutelage of legendary ADAA champ PATCHES O'HOULIHAN (RIP TORN), PETTER LAFLEUR (VAUGHN) and his AVERAGE JOES take on the PURPLE COBRAS, keed by egomaniacal fitness guru WHITE GOOMAN (STILLER). It's an over-the-top underdog tale filled with hilarious gags and BALLS-OUT-FUN!",
21415,__label__2,"90-Minute Saturday Night Live Skit Works: This film is so stupid it's funny and it knows that it's stupid and wants to be stupid. It actually goes out of its way to be over-the-top stupid, complete with a gym owner (Ben Stiller), so overwrought by a secret eating disorder, he massages pizza while surfing the Internet in his private moments of ""gastroporn."" He's determined to take over a smaller ""loser"" gym, Average Joes, run by Vince Vaughan. This comedy is a good-hearted fable about the average guy respecting himself and maintaining his integrity in the face of a culture rendered grotesque by its extreme vanity and naricissism, the embodiment of which is seen in the Ben Stiller character. I don't mean to over-intellectualize the film; I simply mean to say that the film, for all its silliness and over-the-top humor, is about something.",
21416,__label__2,"Dodgeball: This is a funny movie in a very predictable, classic format. However, sometimes we just need those movies that take us to another place where we would never go and create the kind of neo-classic comedy that many of us enjoy. It's a good classic comedy to watch if you just want to be entertained.",
21417,__label__2,"Pain is Funny: If you're looking for a deep plot, deep characters, and high-class humor, you've come to the wrong place. On the other hand, if you're looking for a typical underdog story with plenty of comedy, pain, and painful comedy, this is the movie for you. The character personalities are funny (even the supporting characters), the ""training"" scenes are definitely funny, and the whole movie has a storyline that you see coming from the beginning but still get that ""feel good"" feeling when it is over. This is definitely a movie I can watch anytime I need a good laugh. I can't say it's my favorite, but I've seen movies half as funny get rave reviews. Don't take my word for it. At the very least, rent it, and see for yourself.",
21418,__label__2,Great product: Bought this DVD after this was stolen from our house. This came brand new and sealed wrapper just like buying at the store. Excellent price. It makes a great replacement added to our family movie collection. No problems or issues with purchasing this product.,
21419,__label__2,Entertaining: This movie makes me laugh for a different reason every time I watch it. I enjoy the supporting characters the most. They are each interesting and wildly funny. I guarantee that you will laugh.,
21420,__label__2,"Funny: Funny movie. Christine Taylor kissing that girl was sweet. Christine Taylor, Scarlett Chorvat, Julie Gonzalo, and Missi Pyle are hot.",
21421,__label__1,"Highly Dissapointed: I am really dissapointed in this film. Ben Stiller is hilarious in Starsky And Hutch, but Dogeball dodged me in the wrong way. One thing that I didn't like, was that in the first 2 minutes of the movie, it felt like I already watched it. The rest of the movie just seemed so predictable afterwards, and I got it right on the first try. Usually, this never happens. Dodgeball is more of a rental, or maybe it's not even worth a rental. If you ask me, it's really not that funny. The only part I even smiled was when they called this girl a double 0. I think that's just hilarious, but the rest of the movie was dull. I thought the DVD case was more entertaining than the movie really. It is! Go look at it! Please, don't buy. It's a rental, or even not a rental. Maybe it's a throw away movie considering I've heard the double 0 joke somewhere else. Not funny! Try again Stiller!",
21422,__label__1,"Offensive and cheap - Not appropriate for any children: I was looking forward to seeing a funny but fairly stupid movie. It was funny from time to time. Most of the good stuff was in the occasionally funny slapstick. But the main character was an unabashed [...] consumer, the main lady turned out to be someone of very poor judgement and obvious immorality, the main antagonist tried multiple times to artifically expand his male anatomy and then ended up totally fat in the end with a set of very female [...] and doing a dirty dance with them.The theme of this movie was, ""There are no consequences in life and the road to success is luck.""I was the really stupid one for not turning off this movie early on. I kept hoping it would end up well but I was very disappointed. I hope no one else falls into wasting time and money watching or supporting this offensive and waste of a movie.",
21423,__label__1,sucks big red balls: This movie is so stupid and immature. I don't think I laughed once the whole movie. The plot didn't make me care for any of the characters or the lame story. I think maybe this movie was just trying too hard to be funny. Thank God it was just a rental! Don't waste your time or money on this garbage.,
21424,__label__1,"Weakest Link is the Star: I saw this movie on an airplane, flying New York to Sao Paulo. A long flight, so I was ready for something lame to pass the time.I got it: something lame.Ben Stiller is the stupidest part of this movie: He doesn't deliver much comedy. He's a Johnny One-Note who made me tired after his first 30 seconds.The rest of the movie was passable. I would have given it 3 stars for being a pleasant way to survive a 10-hour, cramped and crowded flight.But Stiller was so boring, so pointless, so NON-funny, that I knocked the movie down to 1 star.I sense all his movies are like that: overblown, stupid, not funny.Which is too bad, because the supporting cast did OK.",
21425,__label__1,"Comedies suck, some might be funny, but...: one thing that is gauronteed with any comedy is that they are poorly made, poorly scripted, poorly acted, stupid wastes of money. This movie is funny, so i guess you can say it does what is supposed to (make you laugh), but there is more to entertainment then stupid sex jokes, and the pain of others (funny but can carry a movie only so far), how about changing things up and making a comedy with a good script, good performances, different forms of humor(not just people getting hit in the face with a ball, it was funny but only after the first few times). 3 out of a 10, it made me laugh, but could have done more.",
21426,__label__1,"Dodge These: This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Literally, I could not get through it. It's juevenile, stupid, obvious humor, that treats the audience like idiots. It's sad to see Ben Stiller become an overacting film destroyer, but you can't blame this one on him. Even Vince Vaughn seemed awkward in this terrible movie, like he knew each line he delivered was worse than the previous one. Awful and horrible. I knew someone who was on a plane that showed this movie and she cimbed into the overhead compartment for the rest of the ride.If you liked this movie, I have some great footage of a dog chasing its tail for three hours that I'm sure you would enjoy.",
21427,__label__1,"Meh.: I review this movie not despite the fact that I fell asleep while watching it, but because of that fact.I watched the movie with my a group of my friends. We were at my best friend's place. When somebody suggested that we watched this film I wasn't crazy about the idea, but I was overruled.It was okay. I laughed once, one of about twenty-three times I've laughed during a movie. But for the most part it was dull and unfunny. The acting was trash and the characters were easy to detest, especially the stupid bad guy.I drifted off about the time the guy got hit by the car. And I've got no regrets.",
21428,__label__1,"wow: I gave it one star because two hot girls kissed at the end. Just kidding. This is a movie made for young teenage boys like me who want to see that sort of thing and also have a low intelligence level so that they will laugh when somebody gets hit in the head with a wrench. Forget the fact that they've seen it 20 times in previews on TV. Wow, maybe I took the movie too seriously. I guess it's all just a matter of opinion. Speaking of which, see Napoleon Dynamite! My friend loved Dodgeball and hated Napoleon, and I was the other way around. Go figure.",
21429,__label__1,"Balls: There is nothing I like more than a movie about balls. I like it when the whole plot is based around big hairy balls. Would you believe that in this movie they are throwing their balls at each other while Ben Stiller tries to act like he knows how to act. Oh sure, Stiller is the villan in the movie. But he is about as convincing as a stick of butter is tough in the microwave. The only reason I gave this movie two stars is because I like balls.",
21430,__label__2,"A TV Event: Ramona has received international attention. The Mexican TV has taken the book to the TV screen. Currently, the production is being presented in a local Hispanic TV channel.",
21431,__label__2,"My Majella!: I must admit I read this novel only to get the background on my girlfriend Majel's name. I initially held no respect for its ""Great American Love Story"" subtitle, but this book really hit me right in the chest. I liked that I was able to extract the characters' personalities from their words and tones rather than from paragraphs of third-person description. I liked that it piqued my interest in nineteenth century Californian history, especially the upsetting struggle of the Mexicans and Native Americans living there. And lastly, I liked experiencing the boundless love that flowed from the simple, strong and beautiful Ramona. A quick, colorful, emotionally satisfying novel.",
21432,__label__2,"Not my typical book, but enjoyed it: I heard about the book while hiking at Seven Falls near Colorado Springs. HHJ was suppose to have gone to the overlook there to write, including parts of Ramona. This intrigued me and so I checked it out. I don't read much non-fiction, so I enjoyed the idea of a history based novel. It was enough of a love story for me to earn points with female friends, but enough of an adventure to keep me interested. One part of the book that I found distracting was the attempt at phonetic spelling of the Tennessee drawl of a few characters. I had the hardest time reading that, which perhaps is an excellent way of HHJ to capture the difficulty of listening to it.",
21433,__label__2,Ramona Large Print: This book is so much easier to read due to the large print. I purchased it for my 95 year-old mother and she expressed her joy at being able to read the print without getting headaches.,
21434,__label__2,"A Story You Will Never Forget: I loved Ramona. It was the most beautiful story I have ever read. A wonderful look at California right after it came under the control of Americans. A story that has history, romance, prejudice, love, loss, and everything in between . Please read this book. I only regret that I never read it until I was in my thirties. This is Helen Hunt Jacksons masterpiece and the attention that it gave to the treatment of Indians is remarkable.",
21435,__label__2,"Another TENCHI Hit!: If there's one part of the Tenchi Music that stands out the most, it's the original scores. A lot of instrumentals are on this one, with one incredible vocal ""Manatsu No Eve"" which was used in the ending credits.It seems that PIONEER has given up on dubbing the music from TENCHI into english, though.",
21436,__label__2,A good Anime Soundtrack: I got this one by accident but hey I didn't send it back and I listen to it all the time and I hadn't even seen the movie! Now that I have seen the movie and own it I would say this is a must have.,
21437,__label__2,It's a Fit!: It's perfect. Purchased one that was supposed to be for a Prius but it didn't fit the way this one does. I'm so pleased I'm going to purchase the one that goes on the back now. Thanks.,
21438,__label__1,"2003 prius sun shade: Product works very well and fits very better than any sun shade product, however the shade is very stiff and hard to move, fold or unfold. difficult to roll up. i wish they would have explained how un flexible the shade was.",
21439,__label__2,"Finally! A Sun Shade That Fits My Window.: After searching the auto parts section in every store I could find I finally did what I should have done in the first place and shopped the web. Finding a sun shade for the Prius, a car with a front windshield as big as city bus, is not easy, but this one 'fits the bill'. It is the first sun shade I've ever had that fits the window EXACTLY. Not only that, but it's sturdy and has a dependable Velcro closure device. If I had to say anything bad, it would be that it's big (it has to be to cover the window) so it can be a pain to store when not in use. That's not a criticism of the shade, just a side effect of the Prius' big window. From now on, I'll buy all my sunshades from this company...worth every penny.",
21440,__label__2,"toyota prius sunshield: You will NOT find a sunshade that fits the Prius unless you get one specifically designed for it (speaking from the experience of visiting four auto parts stores). IF you take the time to make this one really fit the window(plan on about three or four minutes getting it into place, positioning the visors, etc) to get it in place and then another two to three removing it, readjusting the rear view mirror, it works. The temperature inside the car is considerably lower (have not measured)--but with this sunshield in place, I can get into the car immediately on really hot days. Without it, I have to open all the windows to let the hot air out first so I think it probably delivers what it promises. If however, you can easily park in the shade or are just going to the grocery store and back, it is NOT worth the effort and it does have to fit precisely as they describe for it to work.",
21441,__label__1,"no Good: I thought that this shade was too expensive, and was just like the cheap version that is also no good. I would also look into an accordion type shadetree retractable windshield shade. the shade is the name of the type that I had for my dodge avenger and it was great. I will go back to shadetree for my prius.",
21442,__label__1,"Terrible: Does not fit the window in our 2008 Prius at all. In fact the left side of the shade is considerable taller than the right. Not sure who was in charge of quality control the day they made ours, but they must have been drunk.It does seem to be made of quality materials, but what does that matter when it can't be used due to the incorrect size?The shade is also far too bulky when rolled up. Not a problem if you don't ever plan on having people ride in your back seat or if you don't mind storing it in the hatch and getting it out of there whenever you park or don't mind taking it down and storing it back there when you leave.All in all this thing gets an F from me. I honestly can't get over how poorly it fits.",
21443,__label__1,"not cool: The new version of this shade fits poorly. The ""ears"" that cover the little side windows make it very difficult to install, remove and roll up. Not a good design. Look at an accordian type for the best fit.",
21444,__label__1,"It's cumbersome: So for the price, I expected something less cumbersome. Do not purchase this if you cannot spare the room in your car for this thing to be a passenger in- it's huge, does not roll up easily, it's stiff and all-around does not invite me to use it...which is not the point of this product.",
21445,__label__2,"glad to have found this: As you'll know if you're already driving a Prius, it has a very large windshield. This is great for visibility, but the ""old and shiny"" sunshade that I had in my previous car didn't work well, because it was too small. Got this one and it works great. Does a nice job cooling things down a lot, which is really nice on the hot and humid days we've been having lately.Since getting this, I've talked to a lot of other Prius owners that have have luck with ""truck"" shades, which are larger and will cover the oversized windshield. That is also another option, if you're looking to save money. This one is custom made though, so it fits perfectly and looks great. I would recommend it if that is important to you.",
21446,__label__2,"So interesting it's worth a novel.: When I saw the book Clipperton in the display window of a New York book store I had already been planning to write a novel about this strange island. With the additional information the book provided my plans became more concrete then. After a decade and many many rejection letters I finally found a publisher in Harbor House, Augusta, Georgia. The novel will be published in the fall of 2006. Thanks to Jimmy Skaggs; his book is interesting and well documented. A find for island lovers.Karl Berger M. D.",
21447,__label__2,"WOW, Powerful James Bond replica: I pulled this gun out of the Case and said WOW. It looks exactly like James Bond's pistol. So I took it outside, and shot off a few rounds. This thing packs a punch, it easily shoots 270+ fps. Its extremely accurate and a great gun overall. My only qualms is that the safetly broke after a week of heavy use (my friends and I were having 3-4 matches a day) and when I tried to remove the silencer after I put it on I accidentally pulled the orange Plug in the front off. Its easy to fix, and after i glued it it looked just like new.",
21448,__label__1,"Slow down there....: I don't know who generated the previous reviews but, if and when it shoots, you got a 50/50 chance of hitting your target. On one shot, two BB's came out? They were anything but accurate.Be aware the BB's tend to bounce so wear eye protection. This gun, IMHO, ain't that great. Look elsewhere.",
21449,__label__1,"Save your money! You can find much better!: I was very disappointed in the quality and supposed insight in this book! All it is a collection of some poems from Mt. Berkowitz. Although the poems are good, there is no good reason to pay [amt] for them. It seems there is a definite attempt to discredit all that Mr. Berkowitz is doing now to make up for all the pain he has caused. It has been almost 25 years since this crime took place and if I am going to spend my money on a book about Mr. Berkowitz I would expect it to be more worthwhile. It seems the writer has a vendetta or something against Mr. Berkowitz. I found much better info on Mr. Berkowitz on his own personal website.... They have there his daily journal which is much more interesting to read than this book! I would give it ZERO STARS if possible!",
21450,__label__1,I wish I could get a refund!: This book has to be the worst book I have ever purchased! I was so disappointed in it! I found nothing in it that was new and it seemed like the people who wrote it never graduated from elementary school! They are ex-cons who have a vendetta against David Berkowitz. I really can't recommend it to anyone. Save your money!,
21451,__label__1,Hey Stephen: I wont buy your book! Are you floating in money now? He didnt fool anyone. The Christian grows over time. Good Try though. :),
21452,__label__1,"not so good: The product arrived perfectly packaged. And that is where the perfection ended. It had an unpleasant and musty finish, which made it unwearable. Perhaps the scent was too old and had deteriorated. Because it was unwearable, it was returned to the sender.",
21453,__label__2,"Great shirt. Not for extreme cold weather: I own 2 of these Under Armour shirts. They are not heavy enough for extreme cold weather, but is very comfortable and durable.",
21454,__label__2,Small book written by Martin Luther: I lost my first copy and ordered a copy from Amazon. The book helps me understand Christmas better and theinterpretation by Martin Luther.,
21455,__label__2,"Perfect Fit!!: This sunshade is a perfect fit for our Rav4, the price was good and we received it quickly. Highly recommended.",
21456,__label__2,"Can't live without 'em: These bibsters things are just great, though they can get pricey. We reuse them if my son doesn't make too much of a mess. They're big enough to protect his clothing, and leakproof too. Just try feeding your baby outside in a public place, and you'll see why these things are indispensable for today's parents.The velcro-like neck seal is pretty strong, though my son _can_ pull it off after some effort at 10 months.",
21457,__label__2,Oh how much I hated washing bibs!!!!!! THANK YOU PAMPERS: My daughter made a huge mess and I hated washing up those bibs after every meal. I brought bibsters the first time they were out and have been using ever since.I have some in my diaper bag. A few in the car(just in case)....One thing though the velcro does not stay on well.BUT LOVE THE BIBS ....oh yeah I put them on when I give my baby juice to drink... that cute pocket catches every little drop of liquid.,
21458,__label__2,"Farberware Fan two: I purchased this pan to supplement the 10 piece classic collection. I didn't realize the pan was so big. I have a glass cooktop and the pan is much bigger than the biggest burner. This isn't a problem if what I am cooking has a sauce (e.g. goulash or chicken&dumpings), however, if I am frying something I need to keep to the center of the pan. Still, I have learned how to make use of the different heat zones and like using this pan.",
21459,__label__2,Farberware Classic 12-Inch Fry Pan with Lid and Helper Handle: Great quality and good price on Amazon! Large surface are for when you are frying a larger quantity at one time. It is a little heavy since it is larger. Works great!,
21460,__label__1,"Worse frying pan I ever bought: If you like scrapping food out of the bottom of a frying pan then this is the one to buy! Adding oil or cooking sprays did not help, even bacon slices stick to this pan! I finally gave up and purchased a professional non stick frying pan and love it. This pan is going in my next garage sale!",
21461,__label__2,"BEWARE -- this is a HUGE pan: Farberware classic is great -- an inexpensive yet equally functional alternative to the very expensive pots & pans. Note: recently Farberware reduced its quality, in that older Farberware pots & pans had their thick aluminum base completely encased within a stainless steel shell. The newer pots & pans have the aluminum base attached to the bottom, but not encased within a stainless steel bottom. So, their quality is less than it was; most people who ""grew up with Farberware"" may not realize this. Farberware used to hold the patent on the technique of having the aluminum base CURVE up the side of the pan -- they no longer do this, and are the same as many other manufacturers. Also note: if you are buying a 12"" pan, this is a HUGE pan, since it has a squareish cross-section. I found it to be so absolutely huge -- you could fry a dozen onions in this monster -- that I simply never use it. The 10"" and 8"" sizes may be what you're looking for!",
21462,__label__2,"The best pan on the planet...: How many products do you know when you buy it that it will last 30 or 40 years? This is one of them. My mom has had hers for 35 years, I've had mine for 5. It's simply the best pan out there. It cooks evenly, it goes in the dishwasher, the handles stay cool, and you don't have to use plastic spatulas. The only problem that somebody might have is that it is not nonstick. For that reason my wife usually uses a Calphalon nonstick professional pan, even though it can't be cleaned in the dishwasher and you have to treat it carefully. So if you must have nonstick, buy something else. But if you want a large, beatiful, indestructible pan that will last longer than you will, buy this pan!",
21463,__label__2,FARBERWARE is the way to go!!!: I love this product. Been using Farberware for years! A few years ago I purchased a more expensive set and wasn't pleased with it. I would recommend Farbereware to anyone!!! THE BEST,
21464,__label__1,misleading picture: I know it doesn't say non-stick but I ordered this late at night and the picture looks like non-stick. It then cost me shipping both ways to return it when the Amazon customer service person said it wouldn't.,
21465,__label__1,burn baby burn: cooked 5 times in this pan and 5 times ive burned food. no luck with this pan . but it does clean up well,
21466,__label__2,"One drawback: very heavy: After ruining a 50+ yr. old Revere ware pan this size, I opted for this product, and I'm glad I did. But understand that the extra handle is meant to be used.I found that this product lives up to its promises - you need less gas or a lower setting on an elecric range to get the same results. This gets hot slowly, but stays hot a long time, so you have to be sure to set it to the right spot the first time.I make massive quantities of spaghetti sauce in this, the straight and high sides help to make that happen without a mess on the stove.",
21467,__label__2,"AWESOME FRY PAN: I have my original set of Farberware Classic pots & pans when I got married 36 yrs. ago. It did not include the 12"" fry pan which I wanted. It's a sturdy pan and cleans up easily. The BEST feature is the helper handle. This handle makes taking the pan from cooktop to table sooooo much easier, since a large pan as this can get very heavy when filled.A GREAT FRY PAN AT A GREAT PRICE!!!!!!!!!!!",
21468,__label__1,"Not Inclusive; doesn't give over all picture of US HORSE CAVALRY: MY LATE FATHER WAS A MEDICAL DOCTOR IN THE 9TH CAVALRY REGIMENT, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION. THERE WASN'T MUCH SAID ABOUT THE 2ND CAVALRY DIVISION. PERHAPS COLONELTRUSCOTT DIDN'T KNOW THAT THE 2ND CAV DIVISION WAS THE LAST HORSE CAVALRY IN THE US ARMY. THEY WERE PROUD MEN WHO REALIZED THAT THEY WERE THE LAST LINK TO THE WILD WEST. BRACKETTVILLE AND FORT CLARK WERE A REMOTE POST AND LOCATION. MY FATHER LEARNED TO RIDE A HORSE AT FORT CLARK. THE MEN HAD FUN IN A DIFFICULT SITUATION. IT HAS BEEN SAID THAT THE 2ND CAV DIV NEVER SAW COMBAT; LET ME CORRECT THIS...ELEMENTS OF THE 2ND CAVALRY DIVISION FERRIED MEN AND EQUIPMENT IN BURMA AND CHINA VIA HORSE AND MULE. THEY DID FIGHT THE JAPANESE. GIVE THESE PROUD MEN THE CREDIT THEY ARE LONG OVERDUE TO GET.",
21469,__label__2,"Lost all the balls: My 16 months old daughter absolutely loved this toy. But we had the same problem as the next reviewer. My daughter lost all the balls that came with this toy in two months. She loved this toy so much that even now she gets the toy out, and pounds the remaining plastic case with the big hammer.If you are ordering this toy, keep an eye on the colored balls. As for me, I am ordering a new one.",
21470,__label__1,"Catch with this product: There are two catches you need to be aware of with this product. First, the map is City Navigator 2008, which was produced somewhere mid 2007, it is not up to date and produces some funky auto routes. No problem, if you navigate through Garmin's difficult web, you can get a 2009 update free within a week or so. The second catch is that both the old and the new updated maps are City Navigator, intended for the older GPS models, and not City Navigator NT which is the latest compressed software. The maps are the same, but use a lot more memory.",
21471,__label__1,"Nice Shots: I bought this DVD thinking it had a subject. Unfortunately it turned out to be a disappoinment. Nice shots of Miho Nomoto and Rebeca Chang are to view. No action, only nice poses of both.",
21472,__label__1,"Intimate Desires: THis DVD is full of these two young models mostly naked. I thought this was a movie, but it isn't. This DVD is a collection of video/photo session with the two models interspliced with scenese from another DVD. I believe one of the other DVDs is called ""Lady in Heat,"" which should be a collection of 3 vignettes. All we get is a series of poses, none of which lasts more than 8 seconds, and a few scenes of kissing. I don't mind the tameness of these two beautiful girls together (there is nothing hardcore here), but I do mind the leftover, hash job the producers of this video have offered us.",
21473,__label__2,"Intimate Desire: This is a nice video of two asian girls, one Chinese and the other Japanese. They are just really beautiful girls to look at. There are several scenes to select from the main menu, but each does not last very long. Also, I was a bit disappointed because the girls only show you with their tops off. But the bottom line is, ""did I think it was worth my money?"", Yes!",
21474,__label__2,"All Aboard: An enjoyable, almost lighthearted tale which makes a very pleasant read. A good assortment of characters, and a minimum of violence. Those who have taken long train journeys will enjoy it even more. As always with Francis, the story, though interesting, is less important than his exceptional skill in telling it. This may not be his best work, but it is still far superior to most other writers of this genre.",
21475,__label__2,"Great Read!: I enjoyed this one more than any other Francis I've read. The horses are not the focus this time, but the romance and suspense of a train ride make for a terrific mystery setting. As always, the lead character is immensely likeable.",
21476,__label__2,"One of His Best!: If you ever wanted to know what it's like as an undercover operative, this is an excellent example. The main charactor is very convincing in both his means and his methods. That's all. Just give it try and see if you agree.",
21477,__label__2,"Fairly good story line: This is a fairly good story about an English Duke and his 6 year old daughter who comes to the U.S. to visit his brother. (Sequal to ""A Cowboy at Heart"") His mother tells everyone that he is searching for a wife. This causes a lot of problems. He hooks up with Sydney, a young woman trucker. Because of his unhappy first marriage, he refuses to accept that he loves Sydney, but with the help of his daughter, mother and brother, everything turns out well. There is one part of the story where Sydney is being hasseled by another driver on the C.B. I was dissatisfied with the way this was handled, but all in all it is a cute story and a quick read.",
21478,__label__1,"Best when used by date: I have enjoyed Zatarain's products and, therefore ordered a number of boxes of dirty rice and cheese via Amazon's Subscribe and Save process. My problem is the items received expire in like 108 days (12 boxes). I have purchased items at local stores and the best by date are almost always at least year in advance. This shipment appears to be at the very tail end of the cycle - the items are clumpy and appear to have been sitting around in a warehouse for a long time (obviously). Ok gotta run and eat some before the expiration date!",
21479,__label__2,"A delicious side dish or you can jazz it up into a main course item!: This is a great side dish so you can add in some fried hamburger, sausage or smoked sausage and make more of a main course item out of it. It is delicious and tasty and easy to fix. If you toss in 1 pound of meat it makes six servings of one cup each. You can also throw in some vegetables into the mix and we use frozen corn or small pieces of broccoli. We love the spicy and cheesy taste.I have listed below the Nutrition Data but I would like to point out that you should be aware of the sodium content as one cup contains 28 percent of your daily allowance of sodium and that does not include any meat that you might add.Amount Per Serving % Daily ValueCalories: 150Calories from Fat: 20Total Fat: 2.5g 4%Saturated Fat: 1g 5%Cholesterol: .5mg 1%Sodium: 660mg 28%Total Carb: 27g 9%Dietary Fiber: <1g 4%Sugar: 4gProtein: 4gVitamin A: 4%Vitamin C: 15%Calcium: 8%Iron: 8%",
21480,__label__2,family favorite: My busy family with three kids needs quick meal options. Red Beans and Rice with some veggies and shrimp thrown right in is a great fast meal.,
21481,__label__2,"The best book I read so far!!!: Lights out is a very suspensive book, inetersting, you won't get bored with it, very well written, simply the best!",
21482,__label__2,"Many Twists and Turns: I read a couple of Abrahams books a few years ago and decided recently to buy another. ""Lights Out"" is a fast paced book with many twists and turns. It has quirky elements which make it interesting/""light reading"".I have been surprised at the difference in books written by Abrahams that are based in a location he dubs Echo Falls. Those books appear to be written for a young audience. (The single one I bought definitely was.) This not one of those books but one written for an adult audience.",
21483,__label__1,"it's for those know no math: Not well organized, and...Very simple things are complicated by using so many words in this book.Why not use some math? It would be way much clearer than chattering interminably.it's waste of time",
21484,__label__2,"Peggy Sue Got Married: This is a GREAT movie that the whole family can watch and enjoy. It is an older movie, so it actually has a real vocabulary, INSTEAD of a bunch of foul language! Anyone who grew up in the 50's,60's will find it especially endearing. Seeing all the old cars, the way people lived back then, etc...There are a few great lessons of life in this Movie.",
21485,__label__2,This film is memorable: I have stopped counting the number of times that I have seen this film. I will always return to it over and over again. It is a great movie to watch when it is simply a lazy day or a rainy day. A very enjoyable movie...And it has a very young Jim Carey in it!,
21486,__label__2,One of the Best!: This is one of the best movies I have ever seen!If possible I would give this movie as many stars as I could. It has a special way of combining drama with comedy to make one of the best movies ever made! Buy this movie and you're guaranteed a great time over and over again.Definetly Coppola's best!,
21487,__label__2,"A movie to watch over and over again: ""Peggy Sue Got Married"" is a classic. It is a great, funny and cute film. Who would have thought that Coppola could produce something as good as this and do it successfully. Peggy Sue is going to her high school reunion. She hits her head and revisits her high school days. Peggy Sue has a choice, travel the once traveled path (get pregnant young and end in a broken marriage) or take the alternate route. Will she follow her heart or her head? Will she rediscover love? This is a great film. Kathleen Turner is great in it as the too- mature- for- her- age- because- she- has- already- lived- it-teenager and Nicholas Cage is great at playing the brainless, funny and just about confused teenager and adult. This is one of the only Nicholas Cage movies I like. The film is succeeds because it has great character development and a very well carried out storyline. It is a movie that is good to this day.",
21488,__label__2,"An instant classic!: Peggy Sue Got Married starring Kathleen Turner is a film I absolutely loved as a young girl. Turner is flawless and so vulnerable as the title character, no one else could have pulled off such a real and touching performance. Nicholas Cage is superb as well, his voice is so funny in this one, you have to hear to believe it. This sweet romantic drama was directed by Francis Ford Coppola and look for his real-life daughter Sofia Coppola as Turner's younger sister. This film is a must-have, you will enjoy it.",
21489,__label__2,Peggy Sue got Married: I have another friend who wanted this movie and could not find it and asked me to look to see if I could get it. She explained the movie to me so I knew what to look for and the details of the movie and the listing that was given when I ordered it was great. and I received it very quickly.,
21490,__label__2,"Great Fun: Kathleen Turner was probably a tad old for this role, but she did a great job. What a fun and entertaining movie.",
21491,__label__1,"Stupid: Although Kathleen Turner does an admirable job salvaging this film, there is very little I can do to recommend it. Nicholas Cage is painfully bad.",
21492,__label__2,Best movie ever for those of us who grew up in the 60's: I grew up in the 60's. Everyone wanted to get married and have babies. Then we grew up and figured it was a mistake until we realized what a best friend we had in our husbands and wives.,
21493,__label__1,Columbia Flows into the Sewer Sea: So good old megacorporation Columbia has decided to release this nice little film in an abridged pan and scan edition. I guess I shouldn't and couldn't expect more from a bunch of green in their eyes suits who probably only read War and Peace in its abridged form in one of those bathroom books.,
21494,__label__1,"The movie doesn't play: The movie will not play. I tried it in two different DVD players and the movie won't play at all. ""Peggy Sue Got Married""",
21495,__label__1,"Another Amazon product misrepresentation: Amazon's product descriptive information for this movie DVD includes a ""Review"" stating ""the DVD release has optional full-screen and widescreen presentations....(etc.)......."". This is NOT TRUE. Amazon sent me the DVD copy of this movie and it DOES NOT offer a presentation of this movie in its original Widescreen format. It is ""Full Screen"" ONLY. It shows only part of the original movie. DO NOT buy this mis-represented product (unless you WISH to be duped, OR unless you just CAN'T do without ""PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED"" no matter HOW Amazon wants to dump it on you). I've requested a refund for a falsely represented product.",
21496,__label__1,"Gets dull and chips immediately: After several use drilling 3/8"" mild steel I noticed that I already have several bits with chipped ends. These bits get dull quickly too.Made in China.Would not buy again.",
21497,__label__1,COBALT DRILL BITS: HAVE USED THE 1/4 IN BIT ABOUT 3 TIMES AND IT IS ALREADY SHOWING SIGNS OF DULLING. VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BITS THUS FAR. WOULD NOT PURCHASE AGAIN .,
21498,__label__1,"Sizes Are Slightly Off: This set has a great assortment, but some of the sizes (27/64 and others) are slightly off and are too small. I've thrown this out and purchased an accurate set.",
21499,__label__1,VERY DISAPPOINTED: I RECENTLY GOT THE SET AND USED THEM ON DRILLING PILOT HOLES IN SHEET METAL TO GO ON A TRAILER HOUSE. THEY ARE DULL TO START WITH AND GET DULL VERY FAST. THEY ARE NOT COBALT AND WOULD RATHER HAVE JUST A MILL OF THE RUN HSS BITS. WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK. ROD,
21500,__label__2,great quality: Nice drill set. We like the fact that the register locks closed and we don't have to worry about them falling out and getting lost.,
21501,__label__1,"The drills are worthless, but the packaging is cute: I'd love to be in a position to recommend what to buy instead of these, but I don't have a clue. I've always sworn by Irwin bits. I bought my current cobalt set about 4 years ago and they are still going strong. So I thought I was doing my son a favor when I bought him this set. That is until we dulled two bits trying to extract a broken bolt last weekend. Perhaps the bolt was made out of a new, super-hard steel? Nope. I used a bit from my set, and it went through the bolt like butter. The quality may have gone south, but the packaging on his set is oh-so-cute. Someone at Irwin surely got a bonus for making that trade-off.",
21502,__label__1,"Contains potentially unsafe chemicals. Yes, in your vibrator.: PVC is a porous material, first of all. You'll never get it disinfected or sanitized. Secondly, that paint will come off over time. Where do you think it's going? Third, this type of material contains phthalates, which are potentially dangerous and can cause allergic reactions in some people, phthalates have also been shown to cause cancer. Please choose something else that is NOT PVC, Jelly, Rubber, Vinyl.",
21503,__label__2,Emperor's vibrator - it's large in girth: My wife is not real happy with this because it is to wide in girth...the length is great...gets right in there and the vibration is TOP NOTCH....but she just thinks its a bit to painful because of its girth...I suggest skinnier version...,
21504,__label__1,Did not want to use again: The smell was overwhelming and the color on the product was coming off after one use. I threw it away and felt like a made a mistake purchasing it. I should have listened to the other reviews.,
21505,__label__2,Enter the Night: I enjoyed it. A nice read and a wild walk into the macabre. It's quite a revelation in self discovery through the art of passive observance on the part of the main character. The descriptive narratives were superb.,
21506,__label__2,"Great album!: Erin McKeown is a fantastic artist and one I wish more people knew about. She deserves at the very least a sizeable cult following!I've bought this album at least twice as a gift in addition to my own copy. Erin's take on standards is great fun, and I defy you not to dance along to the Rhode Island song. I love Erin's own stuff too, Grand is a near-perfect album - and I've seen her live twice, she's great that way too.Basically, buy this album. It is worth every penny.",
21507,__label__2,"A little jazz, a catchy tune, and a lot of fun: I just started listening to Erin with the purchase of Grand. This album makes her releases on my watch list. She just makes enjoyable music. A little folk, a little jazz, a really nice voice, a way of phrasing that is very enjoyable. (Listen to some very early Diana Krall, and she doesn't phrase songs well at all, however later she learned to do it better then most.) I hear that her live performances are excellent. This album, while not her own songs except for one, I believe, is very accessible to a wide range of listeners. Give it a shot.",
21508,__label__2,Great Album: This is a great album - heard a profile about it on NPR.Nice remakes of some old classics.Amazon was great with ordering and delivery.,
21509,__label__2,"Favorite Gift: I got this as a gift for my brother-in-law, who is a fan. He was so excited!! I also got him the Ani DiFranco: Knuckle Down CD. He was a happy camper!",
21510,__label__2,"A classic!: There has never been another Hollywood debut quite like Barbra Streisand's in FUNNY GIRL, and there probably never will be. Everyone knew she could sing beautifully, but this film proved that she was an actress, and a great one! Streisand proves that she is a true star, she is hilarious in the film's uproarious opening and she's absolutely heart-breaking in the dramitic end. She picked up a well-deserved Oscar for her work here.The rest of the cast is also good (Omar Sharif is especially suave in the role of Nicky Arnstein), the production values are high, the music is great, the direction is lively, and the story is touching.But above all else, it is Streisand's versatile and extremely likeable performance that holds the whole film together. Watch to laugh, watch to cry, watch to be entertained. A classic.",
21511,__label__2,"An old favorite: This was my introduction to Barbra in the 1960s and it holds its' own today. Just a great film, wonderful music and terrific costumes.",
21512,__label__2,"The Ugly Duckling And The Con Man: I recently rewatched FUNNY GIRL for the first time in perhaps twenty years. And though I still think it is a fine film I was not as charmed by it as I was in my earlier days. Maybe I've read too much about the real Fanny Brice and Nick Arnstein and found out how very sanitized Arnstein's life story was for the Broadway musical and this film that is quite closely adapted from it. For whatever reason I did not find Omar Sharif's portrayal of the handsome gambler Nick as breathtaking in this viewing and I actually found his accent annoying. At any rate the film is still a must see for musical lovers and those like me with an interest in entertainment history though the viewer should be very aware of the great deal of license taken in retelling this bittersweet love story. And Streisand of course was young and at her full powers in her star making role as Fanny that still seems positively tailor made for her voice, looks and screen presence.",
21513,__label__2,"Great Songs!: Funny Girl is an old fashioned musical telling an old fashioned story. The real life star was Fanny Brice, played by Barbra Streisand. The songs are fantastic ( especially My Man and Don?t Rain on my Parade) and the costumes are full of life and color. Omar Shariff is dashing as Nick Arnstein, the gambler husband. Walter Pidgeon is good as Folrenz Ziegfeld. Anne Francis has a small part as Fanny?s showgirl friend. Personally, I would have wanted her role to be a little larger.",
21514,__label__2,"BARBRA`S BEST MUSICAL: They weren`t sure they wanted her for the movie(""She`s so odd looking... even ugly at times"") and the story tells that Barb had to submit herself to an extensive test on film in front of the Columbia executives...It really is a vehicle for Barbra! She dominates the film completely and no other in the cast challanges her a bit. Even so, it is a good-looking film directed by Master William Wyler(but musical scenes directed by Herbert Ross) and though Barbra`s Fanny Brice is abnormally ambitous; she still manages us to feel for her, like her, admire her and above all... care for her...It really is a must for drama-musical-lovers.",
21515,__label__2,"Sing Barbra Sing....: By the time Barbra made Funny Girl (her movie debut) , she was already a Broadway singing diva. Thankfully, she is forever immortalized on cellioud as Fanny Brice, the funny girl in Funny Girl. With Funny Girl she got to belt out (as only Barbra can belt) multiple show stopping numbers including ""People"", ""Don't Rain on My Parade"" and the exhilerating ""My Man"". She sang, she acted and she charmed 1968 movie goers who lined up to make Funny Girl a box office smash. Then she won a well-deserved Oscar for Best Actress in 1968. WAY to go girl! You deserved all the praise you got for Funny Girl. What a performance! A MUST HAVE DVD for the classic musicals collectors and/or Barbra fans.",
21516,__label__2,"remarkable musical, with many non-obvious twists: This musical is extremely well done, with many twists in the plot line. It does not start, or end, with any obvious themes. Super-dooper!",
21517,__label__2,One of my favorite movies!: Glad to update from VHS to DVD so I can watch one of the best movies and sing great songs anytime I want!,
21518,__label__2,"Barbara has a great voice: Wow, Barbara Streisand has such a nice voice. In this musical, I love the songs ""people"", ""I'd rather be blue over you"" and ""I'm the greatest star."" Everyone says that Barbara Streisand is so ugly, but personally, I think she's actually kind of pretty. Yeah, her nose is big, but other than that she's not that bad. Anyway, it's just a really great movie. THe only problem with it is that the romantic scenes were a little too numerous and kind of boring.",
21519,__label__2,"BARBRA'S FINEST!!: Funny Girl is beyond ""BEYOND""!!Streisand is utterly spectacular!!I've seen this film at least 20 times and she still drives me wild...and that voice! THAT GLORIOUS, GLORIOUS VOICE!!So much has been written about the Streisand temperment and demands through the years...Well, friends, with the talent God blessed her with she is beyond reproach...Sing on Barbra! Sing on!!",
21520,__label__1,"Can see it: Every time I try to watch this movie on Amazon Prime I get audio, but no video either on my TV via a Roku box or on my computer. For the life of me I can't find anywhere on the Amazon site to report this problem to anyone. Do you think anyone from Amazon reads these reviews and can help.",
21521,__label__2,Not to be missed: This movie is beautiful and entertaining. I have seen it 8 times and never miss it when it is on TV. Omar is so gorgeous to look at and makes a perfect Nick. Barbra shows off her voice in many dimensions and proves what a great singer she is. Most of us did not grow up with Fanny Brice except on the radio so her life was a mystery. It always seemed funny but there was plenty of heartbreak. I know the producers took many liberties in depicting her life but I think we all get the gist.,
21522,__label__1,"I didn't get the right one....: I ordered Funny Girl (my favorite musical, of course) and was very excited upon its arrival this Valentine's Day. I planned on watching it on my vacation but when I opened the packaging, it showed that I, in fact, had received Funny Lady. Honestly, who likes Funny Lady?Not cool.",
21523,__label__1,"Funny Girl: The disc I received did Not have the film on it. It had the accompanying features and interviews but no movie. I was had! I hope none of you had that experience. It cost me $12.49. This says much about the quality control at Amazon. I am a very loyal customer, but this is the second time that Amazon has ""stolen"" money from me. By the way, the Features were great!",
21524,__label__1,"Disappoointed: This product is defective. The opening credits and begining of the movie are BLANK. Video and sound kicks in 10 minutes after the start of the movie. This is the THIRD DVD of this movie I've purchased, all of which were defective in this manner. So what is the problem? It's time for Amazon to check into this. Up until now everything I've purchased either directly from Amazon, or from an Amazon supplier has been great.",
21525,__label__2,"funny girl: I purchased this as a gift, but assume that it was satisfactory as I have not heard otherwise.",
21526,__label__1,"Second Half Of The Movie Is Almost Unwatchable: Barabara is so charming and funny in the first part of the film. But, the second half loses all its steam; I felt like there was no story after their marriage started falling apart...you're kind of waiting for it to end at that point. Furthermore, Omar Sharif was not particularly well-casted in my opinion.",
21527,__label__1,"Waste of time.....: I love Motorhead!!.....Therefore I am going to be brutally honest here. This CD is not what it appears to be. The song list is decent, but no Girlschool/Motorhead (Motorschool? Girlhead?) songs are included. -As for the ""mugger"" tapes... Who wouldn""t LOVE to hear Lemmy belt out ""Cinnamon Girl"", ""Summertime Blues"" or ""Somthin' Else""?.... Well guess what, you won't here. The ""Muggers"" were a pick up band of ""Fast"" Eddie Clarke's and ""Philthy"" Animal Taylor's (original M'head members for the uneducated). Lemmy had nothing to do w/ it... and just as well. This was strictly a coverband recorded at a party with a (rightfully so) un-enthusiastic audience. Do not waste your time/money... Buy ""No Remorse"", ""1916"" & ""No Sleep til Hammersmith"".... These are ESSENTIAL listening. Oh well.. at least there is a NIN-style remake of ""Ace of Spades"" on here.",
21528,__label__1,"Quite a bit less editorializing would have been nice: I guess I need to look a little closer at what I'm looking to check out in the future when it comes to non-fiction, as this was aimed just a LITTLE bit below my comprehension.The biggest issue with the book is that rather than presenting the facts of the various matters in a strictly historical context the author makes sure to point out how each of the individuals that had been involved in the various hoaxes - unwittingly or not - was either 1) a Snidely Whiplash-esque villain, twisting his or her mustache as the marks fell for the con, or 2) a grade a moron.In theory it wouldn't be a bad primer for this sort of thing, but you could easily glean more information from Wikipedia about each of the cases in question.",
21529,__label__1,"Too Much Rap: I thought this CD package would be a good value for my money. I couldn't pass up 100 Christian songs for my little baby! However, upon listening to the CD's, I have realized that I would have been better off getting a CD with fewer songs. In order to scrounge up 100 Christian songs, they have included traditional hymns that have been ruined by setting them to a rap-style beat. My toddler has no taste in rap music yet, and neither do I. It wouldn't have been so bad if they had lumped all the rap songs together on one CD which I could then ignore, but each CD includes some of these offending songs. It really ruined the whole set for me and six months later I realize I haven't listened to those CD's since the first month I purchased them. Therefore, I am offering this product review to warn off other parents who may not like rap music mixed in with Christian songs for their children.",
21530,__label__1,"DO NOT BUY THIS EDITITION, OVERPRICED/POOR QUALITY: Hello all.First off, this work is an important work of Dewey, someone I deeply respect; HOWEVER....Whatever you do, do not buy this hardcover edition of Democracy and Education. It is a cheap ebook / online edition of the book in a cheap hardcover binding. The text literally looks like it was printed off of a website. The font is horrible, the text is small, and there is no space between the lines. It is honestly disgusting to look at especially for the price of nearly 30 dollars. Buy another edition or a paperback copy if you really want to feel like you have a REAL book.",
21531,__label__1,"Monumentally important book, terrible version: Clearly, this is one of the most important books in the realm of education. This edition, however, is simply a bound set of photocopies from an earlier edition THAT WAS MARKED UP! I figured there would be some imperfections, but this is worse than borrowing a handed-down used copy.",
21532,__label__1,"Great Book Horrible Print: This print has many pages in which the first letter(s) or last letter(s) are missing from the page. It also has the sloppy markings of a previous reader as part of the reprint. I did verified this was not a used copy by comparing the notes on the pages with a fellow student, and it is part of the book. I recomend this book, just buy a print from a different source/company. There are many prints, I beleive many other students had a simple looking version with a plain white cover.",
21533,__label__1,Dewey Dogma: A great book for proposing social engineering in education but otherwise nothing new except mis-application of the scientific method to non-science areas. His concept of education is socialization. If there is something great is his theories it is well hidden and not supported by scientific or non scientific studies..,
21534,__label__1,Don't buy this version!!!: This edition of the book is unreadable. Don't buy it. The font is about a 9 or maybe smaller. You would really hurt your eyes trying to get through this book.,
21535,__label__1,"don't buy this edition: hey, Dewey is obviously great. But dont buy this edition. it is poorly laid out and has misspellings in a few places.",
21536,__label__2,For Every Fan of John Dewey: This is Constructivist Education theory at its heart. There are no John Dewey education books I don't value and appreciate.,
21537,__label__2,"nice stuff: A completely expected return to form for those who have followed Mark Eitzel's career since the disintegration of AMC. Said gentleman's songwriting skills have only improved since then, as evidenced by a string of stellar solo albums; truly the only thing that's been missing is the backing of his old band. This release sounds great to me after only 3 or 4 listens, can only imagine how much I'll love it a year from now. It's still a crying shame that Mark and the boys have never gotten anywhere near the level of appreciation that they deserve, I guess this stuff is just too honest for most.",
21538,__label__1,"Dismal and unreadable: I liked Tess of the D'Urbervilles a lot. I could not finish Jude the Obscure--not just because it was sad and tragic. I mean after awhile I got tired of reading about and feeling sorry for Jude and Sue who make most of their problems for themselves and then whine about them. I would describe this book as ""agonizing."" And not nearly as good as Hardy's other books that I have read. It is true that I was not able to finish the book (I got about half way through) so this may discredit my evaluation.",
21539,__label__1,MEH: This book was ok. I wouldn't recommend it unless a person was really into Victorian literature. The story is depressing and morbid.,
21540,__label__2,"Jude the Obscure: Jude the Obscure is an interesting book, but it is, like most classics, depressing. That is one of the things that makes Jude the Obscure so rich. If it had been a happy love romance it wouldn't be considered a classic. It instead challenges the readers to question the them which is on marriage. Hardy attacks marriage from every angle making the reader feel that there is no hope.Jude the Obscure has a rich plot that pulls you into the story. You feel for the characters in the book. You want Jude to be able to obtain his goals. You feel frustrated when he once again gets sidetracked from his goal because of his one weakness-women. If you like the classics, especially tragedies, than you will appreciate Jude the Obscure. It is good literature, has great symbolism, and the ending scenes will leave a poignant impression that won't be easily forgotten.",
21541,__label__2,"Truly a Masterpiece!: Thomas Hardy has accomplished a miracle with this novel. He has written a novel equal in the strength of the ideas, the beauty of the writing, and the compelling nature of the story. If he had only done one of the three well, the book would be worth reading, but having done all three so beautifully has resulted in a masterpiece.I first read Jude about 10 years ago and recently re-read it. I was even more delighted after reading it again, and plan to read it a third time.Some of my literary compatriots have been put-off by what they characterize as stiff language in Hardy in general and Jude in particular, but I would encourage anyone to persevere...after a few chapters, it wears-off and then you will thoroughly enjoy the reading!",
21542,__label__2,"A compelling and excellent novel of human nature: The issues of marriage, children, passions and revelations of the ordinary dominate this detailed and gripping novel.Hardy's tragic novel leads the reader along the lives of the main character, Jude, and his lover, Sue so well that it's a small wonder that this book hadn't been made into a feature film before this year. This is a book of longing for dreams, but finding only stark reality again and again. Though this point may not be a happy one, Hardy's concern for his characters and their settings make this book impossible for the reader to set down for any length of time. A must read.",
21543,__label__1,"Absoulutely Horrible: Being an English AP student, I was given this book to read over the summer. I was hoping for a book with at least something enlightening or interesting in it, but I found this book to be nothing more than useless. Nothing can save this book from being what it is: overdramatic and overpraised. Jude is a pathetic loser, Sue has no control over her emotions, and they are both idiots. I was glad when the children hung themselves, as it was the single most entertaining part of the book. Who the hell names a kid ""Father Time"" anyway???? A tale of incest and stupidity..... forget it. read this book if you want to punish yourself. This book made me angry and will do so for any reasonable person that picks it up and makes it all the way through.",
21544,__label__2,"Students of Jude, Keep Reading: I am generally of the opinion that a review of a work of art should be an honest expression of one's feelings or thoughts concerning the work in question. ... That said, ""Jude the Obscure"" is an extremely challenging novel. But, the tragedy of Jude can be appreciated by anyone that possesses the capacity to think rather than the ability to regurgitate sentiments that can be read in any commentary on the novel. I want to encourage every student out there who wishes to read ""Jude the Obscure"" for what it really is - an enlightening and engrossing story. These are the people who will understand the meaning of the novel.",
21545,__label__2,"Jude: The Emotional Rollercoaster: I never thought something could upset me this much. Jude the Obscure, in my opinion, was Hardy's greatest reguardless of what anyone says. You never know what to expect in this story. One minute everything's perfect, the next tragedy. Read the book. See the movie.",
21546,__label__2,"Hardy's Last Novel: Ah, the novel that made Thomas Hardy stop writing. When this novel was first published, it was so controversial it is said that the Bishop of Wakefield publicly burned it. I can definitely see why. This novel questions not only marriage and the laws of the time, but also religion, the class system, and society in general. Add suicide to that and you have yourself quite a book for 1895. Although shocking at times and still relevant today, it doesn't quite have the impact now that it did then. It would be too hard to give a brief summary without giving away some major plot points, so I won't even try. I will say that I'm not always fond of the classics that I've read, but I think this one is a really good book. The old writing style gets a little annoying at times, but the storyline makes up for it. This is a not a book for the faint of heart. It's sad, depressing, and tragic. If you're looking for something light and happy, don't choose this one.",
21547,__label__2,"unrequited love: This is a harrowing story about one man's utter helplessness against the winds of destiny. Jude is an orphan boy with a vision and a passion for life that is cruelly challenged and ultimately thwarted by forces beyond his control. His is a tale of fortune and fate, of desire and despair.But what struck me most was what I took to be the novel's sub-theme: unrequited love. I wonder if this is what Hardy sought to convey through his subtheme: that love, though it seeks to transcend the loneliness of life, is itself always a lonely endeavor--never fully mutual because it is inherently unequal.",
21548,__label__2,"Yes!: Simply awesome. Had me pumping my fist in the air and yelling, ""Yes!"" over and over again. I read this in one marthon session of fist-pumping and yelling.",
21549,__label__2,"A favorite: Jude the Obscure is one of my favorite books. I have read it several times, and now I have it on my Kindle to enjoy again.",
21550,__label__2,"Best of Hardy: Jude the Obscure is one of the greatest books of English literature ever published. The central character is almost too sensitive for this world, but he struggles on, as we all do. Yes, it can be painful to read about suffering and there's no happy ending, none of Hardy's books have happy endings that I can recall. It's not a book for children, but if you love literature, this book should be on the top of your reading list.",
21551,__label__1,"unreadable, text is all centered: This is free but also impossible to read the way it is formatted. The first few pages (that was as far as i got) were all centered text and I assume the rest of the book is like that too. It is very distracting and for me it is unreadable. Off to find a different version...",
21552,__label__1,"Fine Story, Low Quality eBook: The digi reads edition doesn't even have a table of contents making it completely useless in the classroom. There is no way to navigate by book sections, chapters or anything of the like. If you are reading straight through for fun, this might be fine, but if you are reading critically and need to quickly navigate sections it's pretty much impossible.",
21553,__label__1,Blah: Not a great book. A required reading for a class and I could barely keep on reading it. Good luck.,
21554,__label__1,"""Jude"": little to appreciate: As a Hardy fan, I turned to ""Jude"" with high expectations--and was very disappointed. I saw in his work the same recylcing of elements in other works (particularly ""Tess"" and ""Return of the Native""). If Hardy wanted to come out and condemn religion, he should have done so, instead of his little forays and hasty retreats. So read ""Jude"" if you must, but to see Hardy at his best I recommend ""Mayor of Castorbridge"" instead.",
21555,__label__2,"i slept dont you!: as a troop fan since ""mamacita"" i have all troop albums so i thought, i found this one on itunes and if you like troop you will love love love this get it on classic, poohnany classic, blowing my mind classic, break of dawn babymaker! look stop reading this and add this to your cart!",
21556,__label__2,Robert Palmer is at the top of his game: I love this cd. I saw Robert on this tour and was blown away. He got booked at the Medina which was lame and he even made a supperclub crack. I've seen Robert live twice now and he was dressed to the nines and sang his heart out. Could someone please give this man his props?!!,
21557,__label__2,"GREAT CD..........GO AND GET IT NOW..................: I just love the cd, I highly recommend this cd to everyone. ALL the songs are great. It has a smooth sound to it. Love True love and Wise Guy. Lets get it on 99.....If you don't get this one you are missing out on it. A++++++++++++++",
21558,__label__1,"More Blues than Rhythm: I've been a Robert Palmer fan for several years now and I have all of his albums. I hate to hear anything bad about his music but I find this album a bit of a let down, especially after waiting such a long time for it's release. The tracks are too keyboard orientated and this spoils it for me. The single 'True love' is exceptional as is the wonderful 'Stone Cold'(with it's great vocal arrangements). The album showcases Palmer's splendid vocal, however the songs just don't cut it. Take my advice, buy 'Honey' or 'Heavy Nova' instead.",
21559,__label__2,"Not true R&B, but not Pop either: First off, this is not true R&B by any stretch by the imagination but rather true 'blue eye soul' which isn't bad. I too stumbled upon this CD at a store and decided to take a chance and bought it. I was very surprised at how good this CD is. Robert really searched deep inside and pulled out some of his best vocal work in years. While other reviewers felt this album was soulless I say it was the quite the opposite. On such songs as 'Stone Cold', Wise guy, I Choose You, and the title track screams of sensuality that is especially true of Marvin Gaye's 'Let's get it on'. It's a shame that this CD didn't get the radio play it deserved. But his tour '99 to support it was the coolest!",
21560,__label__1,Palmer blew it BIG STYLE!: Throughout the 80's Robert Palmer released some great albums and thus built himself a reputation for high levels of musicianship and an air of suave sophistication. But if you ask me on this album Palmer blew it big style. The problem is he has taken on too much himself playing most of the instruments himself and masterminding the production. As David Lloyd so rightly says in his review the album has too much keyboard on it and ends up sounding to clean and clynical even on the more soulful tracks. The whole album left me 'Stone Cold.',
21561,__label__1,"This cd is a disaster...: Am I being to harsh? Maybe. But I have come to know Robert for his sly wit and the way he says what you think he's saying but he said something else. This cd has none of the qualities I like in Robert Palmer. I love Don't Explain, Honey, and his 1st album was great. I'm well versed in Palmer, and this cd has few great verses. It does contain 2 must haves: the opening and closing tracks.Nab these 2 tracks then ship this off to die. (Or is it already dead?)",
21562,__label__1,"basic and most popularly printed poems: This text contains the most often anthologized poems that Shelley wrote, not the complete poems and none of his prose. This book would be a good gift for a person who is just becoming interested in Shelley (who, by the way, is NOT by any means an obscure author) but is not comprehensive enough for even an undergraduate student. I recommend the Modern Library Complete Poems of Percy Bysshe Shelley instead of this for anyone who enjoys Shelley already. As for the prose, the Norton Critical volume is decent.",
21563,__label__2,"Incisive and energetic illumination of Western Civilization: Any true student of Western Civilization will delight in this incisive treatment of perhaps the most fundamental theme of Western culture, viz. the emergence of rationality as a methodology from within the context of social and political (Christian) mysticism and dogma. Although abundant and conspicuous in its scholarship, this work is energetic, clear, and easy in style, and White is sensitive and optimistic in his handling of what could easily have been a ""bashing"" session. The work is rich, thought-provoking, and fulfilling intellectually, and yet fun to read. It is one of those rare, mind-expanding experiences that true free thinkers relish.",
21564,__label__1,"A Wretched Production: This reprint is so ugly in its typography and layout that I sent it back and bought a used copy of the 1970 edition. The reprint is smaller than the original, and to compensate, the publishers have not only cut the margins down to almost nothing, but have compressed the text horizontally so that the character glyphs are unpleasantly out of proportion. Do not buy this edition unless you are completely indifferent to typography and graphic design.",
21565,__label__1,"Strap broke within a few uses!: 1st, the cups were a bit small, & I know I gave the right size. Then, the strap broke! It's pretty, & they had my size, which is a small miracle in itself, but I wouldn't buy this again!",
21566,__label__1,disapointed: This bra is not true to size it is smaller than the 34 G bra I was replacing. The faberic is very ichy and uncomfortable. A very disapointing purchase.,
21567,__label__1,"Frustrating: I think the fit of the bra is great, but I can only wear it briefly because it is so uncomfortable. The fabric is stiff and itchy and the metal adjustments in the front poke me on both sides. I have washed it several times to try and soften the fabric; didn't work. I would love to be able to wear it because it give such good support and shape, but I just can't.",
21568,__label__1,size wrong: The size is wrong. I ordered my regular size and it's much too small. Am returning for a larger. We'll see.,
21569,__label__2,Better for Bigger Tops: This is the only bra I will buy or wear again. It is so well made and actually holds up my large chest. The straps don't budge which is great. They have metal clasp in the front to adjust the length you prefer and then it snaps right into place and stays there. Thats not an easy task for some of us with large chests. I highly recommend this bra.,
21570,__label__2,Promised as displayed: Quick delivery; beautiful glasses. All what I expected the glasses and service to be. Thank you.,
21571,__label__2,"Great looking and Cooking but don't order if in a rush: I first bought the 12"" skillet from this set and thought it was great. It is quite shiney and cool looking and heats everything up evenly which is great. However, things do stick to the pan quite a lot. Clean up is super easy though so it is not a big deal and I don't get a regular dose of tephlon in my meals anymore.I just ordered this set and I am very excited, but just as another reviewer said...the product says it will ship in about 24 hours. Well, that is a big fat lie. I ordered mine a week ago and it still has not shipped. They are claiming that I might get it by the end of the month. So if you are in a rush, this is not the set for you.",
21572,__label__1,"It might be great - ...or.... - it might never ship.: Says 'ships in 24 hours' - my order's been in the queue for a month, including 2 weeks while this product has said 'ships in 24 hours.' Might be a good product - just don't order it if you're in any kind of rush.",
21573,__label__2,"good funky album. listenable all the way through.: I recommend this album. Its funky, different, soulful. For me, a good break from all the crappy hiphop that comes out these days. Much thanks to the twins!",
21574,__label__1,"Avoid, avoid, avoid!: Most of the time it wont turn on or when it does turn on the film u are playin either stops/crashes after an amount of time or the player turns its self off.This piece has a horrible sound in DivX, MP3 and CD audio.For more jump to UK site (hope they won't change link).http://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/ASIN/B0000A03LU/ref=pd_rhf_p_1/026-3649119-7157254",
21575,__label__2,"A couple of issues: Overall, a good product. However, after only a couple of weeks of mild use, it started misfiring some times: the child would press together 2 halves of a doggy, and a kitty cat would sound off instead... The doggy would too, eventually, but very confusing for a child who's learning.A couple of other minor things include the fact that the pictures are simply glued to the cubes, and on one of them the corner already started coming off and the fact that the toy does not come with batteries (perhaps my fault for not checking, but I thought I'd mention it specifically for the others).",
21576,__label__1,"Poorly drawn animals and cumbersome design: With some effort, these blocks do the job of producing animal sounds, but they look awkward, and there is little fun in playing with them.The animals are drawn poorly, in a sketchy style, and with strange proportions: for instance, the elephant looks as if it was fathered by a badger-dog. Even more annoying are large metal bolts protruding from all sides of the blocks. They are not shown on the picture, but they make the surface look uneven and ugly. These bolts need to be aligned precisely and touch the ones on the other block for it to make sounds. The kid is not rewarded with sounds for putting the blocks in the right position unless these bolts touch, which is not good for learning and makes it less fun.I am keeping these blocks because sending them back is not worth shipping charges, but otherwise I wouldn't buy them.",
21577,__label__2,"Great album!: Whatever happened to them? I wish they made more music, I know I would have bought more. Maybe they will do a comeback tour one day?",
21578,__label__2,"Betty's Predecessor: If you're a Betty Boop fan, this is a must have CD. Betty was modeled after Helen Kane, and sung many of the songs on this CD. Mae Questal, the voice of Betty, was chosen partially because she had won a Helen Kane impersonation contest. Questal was indeed a master at voice immitation, as this CD clearly shows - one might think that many of these songs were recorded directly off of the talkartoons!",
21579,__label__2,"Robert Parker works wonders with old 78's!: I would have to disagree somewhat with the last reviewer...granted, I HAVE NOT heard this cd from Robert Parker, but have dozens of cds from this Australian sound wizard, and have been very pleased with all of them.He was basically the first to show us that you did not have to put up with poor sound quality just because a record was recorded in the late 20's...instrumentals usually come out best with this enhanced stereo sound (miles ahead of the junk that the big record companies put out in the 50's) but the 78's used are very clean, and if vocals have a slight echo effect, just switch your system from stereo to mono and, enjoy the best sounding recordings you are likely to hear of hers... if Yazoo put this cd out, you would not be able to hear her singing for the hiss from the worn out 78's they use on their cds!",
21580,__label__2,"Best Steamer Ever: It was a great addition to my set. I was tired of the other hard to clean steamer thing-a-ma-jigs, this cleans up wonderfully.",
21581,__label__2,Farberware Classic Stainless Steel 3-Quart Saucepot Review: It met all my expectations and I chose this rating because I really enjoyed using it. It does exactly what it is supposed to do.,
21582,__label__2,great product: had to buy two (one for a gift) would give out more as gift if needed...quick ship too. great product,
21583,__label__1,"bad design: The pan steams perfectly, however the design of the handles is bad. You HAVE to both, use two hands and use a pot holder or towel to grab the handles. This is because they get as hot as the pan. The same goes for the handles on the steamer...they get wicked hot. There is no insulation in the handles. Will never buy a pot with similar design again.",
21584,__label__1,"Terrible!: The steamer stack does not sit properly on the pot, and lets the steam out.Because of this it doesnt actually steam the food properly and eventually the water will run dry.Don't buy it.",
21585,__label__2,"Faberware...a staple in the home: I was requested to purchase a new 3 quart Farberware pot for Christmas. Finding a pot with a perfect matched steamer was an added bonus. Our only minor complaint is that this pot uses a double grip handle vs. the single stem handle. If it could have been the single stem pot with double handled steamer I think we would use the base pot more. Regardless, for the price, warranty, and brand to match all our other pots, this purchase was an easy one to make.",
21586,__label__2,"I love my baby-size steamer!: Quality stainless-steel saucepot, perfect for cooking pastas, steaming veggies and meat, and heating sauces. Not sure what I'd do without it!",
21587,__label__2,This works well: This was a gift and it's great. Tha fact that we used another type of steamer with the handles inside the cover made it more complicated to remove the basket without getting burned. These handle are great!,
21588,__label__2,"Good steamer but . . .: I brought this steamer because I don't want to continue to use my microwave to reheat leftovers. I would definitely recommend this product but with this disclaimer: ""very good steamer except when reheating rice. The holes are too large and the rice falls through"". Of course, this can be easily remedied with the use of aluminum foil at the base of the steamer. Perfect for steaming veggies. Farberware continues to be an excellent manufacturer.",
21589,__label__2,"Exactly what I was looking for: We steam a lot of vegetables and the metal blanching trays that fit inside other pans are extremely difficult to clean. We were exploring other steamer options such as the bamboo trays, the non-metal blanching trays, electric steamers (already have a rice cooker which does this function but we don't like it for steaming.) This steamer unit solves that problem and provided a small steep pot that we use for cooking noodles. It makes a perfect size for our downsized household of two. The much larger pots are now stored away in the cupboard and this little unit is in use almost daily. It gets more and more difficult to find reasonably priced cookware without the nonstick coatings. The large handles make this easy to grasp. Good product. Have always liked Farberware.",
21590,__label__2,"a good choice, but be attention of its size: The quality of the pot is really satisfactory. But it is smaller than I thought. I think amazon's given size is not that accurate. The size of pot is perfect for one or two people's needs.",
21591,__label__1,"Dissapointed with this saucepot: I was so dissapointed when I receive this saucepot. So smaller. I do not know what I can do with this steamer. You can only steam one egg each time. It does not worth this price.Moreover, be careful of the handle. It will become very hot during cook.",
21592,__label__1,"Totally Miserable!!!: This product that was so lauded in reviews is the biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased. Farberware is maybe O.K. for a dorm room; but for a serious home cook, this is just junk.",
21593,__label__2,"Farberware (and Amazon) continue to be tried and true...: We received Farberware cookware for our wedding 24 years ago and had to replace the steamer. We love this new design. It has a nice heavy bottom and the steamer basket is deeper. The old one had a long handle like a typical pot, so this one is safer.While we prefer to buy local, we're very pleased that the Amazon price was $30 less than in the stores so we had to take advantage.This was my first experience with Amazon, so I was hesitant, but everything went very smoothly and I received my purchase as promised. New, In the original box...it was all good.I'm sold on Farberware and on Amazon, as well!I'm pleased with my experience and will look this route to purchase again.",
21594,__label__2,Love it: I bought this when I got sick of the steaming basket breaking. I hd to use it every other day to steam veggies to make baby food. This really does the trick. Worth the money. Easy to use. Ease to clean. Best way to steam.,
21595,__label__1,steam escapes making the handles hot: The product is very poorly made. tried steaming some veggies and observed that steam escapes from the sides and hence the justification why many users gave poor reviews and warning about hot handles. do not recommend this product. Suprised to see A company very well known for quality products can make something very slimy.,
21596,__label__2,Good Value: A good basic pot for the money. I wish it were a little larger but I had no idea how big 3-quart would be.,
21597,__label__2,"HARD TO FIND IN STORES: I've been using the same Farberware steamer day in and day out for about 14 years. I just bought one to prepare a second variety of veggies for the same meal and I like it. The overall quality seems better than my original; however, the only drawback is that the bottom half requires using both hands to carry and empty it as opposed to the original long handle version. It's obviously made to give a lifetime of use and given the price, it's an outstanding value.",
21598,__label__1,"not impressed: It's described as ""stainless steel"", but brand new, the bottom had marks that looked like hard water stains. I managed to get them out with vinegar and water, but it has been picking up stains ever since, including fingerprints on the outside, which soap and water won't remove, more hard water stains, and heavy marks at the water line. The pot has always been hand washed and dried.Worse, the plastic handles melt and bubble, giving off that nauseating burning plastic smell. As a steamer, one would think it would be designed to withstand high heat. One handle came loose after a few uses. It is easily screwed back on, but I think it's just more evidence of shoddy workmanship.Overall this is a very cheap pot in feel and construction. Pot is made in China. Perhaps there are quality control issues, and I just got a bad one, though I am guessing the handles are the same on all of them.",
21599,__label__2,"Small flaw in an otherwise nice product: My friend, who is a chef, helped me pick out this product. Since I have an electric stove, the extra weight and thickness of the pot was reocmmended over a cheaper alternative. The extra weight/thickness helps prevent food from sticking (does not stick or burn from uneven/too much heat) and it washes easily.The only drawback to the pot is the handles. Other pots and pans have heavier plastic than this particular model, and the heat does transfer slightly more into the handles because of it. It won't lead to a burn like a metla handle, but this is the only weak point of its custruction.",
21600,__label__2,"Perfect steamer: Love, love, love this little steamer! had one before that I left on stove and got busy so fried it so this is a replacement for one I had and loved for years. I saved the steamer from first so now can do two veges for meals easily by switching out basket. Hubby and son not to thrilled double veges but daughter and I love it. :)It is also great size for making rice for family of four on stir fry nights.",
21601,__label__2,Perfect little pot: I have searched for the perfect vegetable steamer and this is it. It is big enough to steam an average head of cauliflower and easy to get the food out without burning yourself.,
21602,__label__2,faberware steamer: i like the handles on the side of the steamer insertthe entire pot feels sturdy the price is reasonableit is multi funcational and easy to clean,
21603,__label__2,"Good steamer!: I have been steaming more vegetables since I started on a vegan diet at the first of the year. I started to get a different steamer but thought the Farberware would be sturdier. I was not disappointed. Veggies steam well, and clean up is easy. Glad I went with this one.",
21604,__label__2,"Great all around pot: Have one for myself that I use for everything - steaming, pasta. Perfect size for our family.Got this one for my daughter who will have her first dorm kitchen this year.",
21605,__label__2,"Excellent: This is a very nice little steamer. Ideally sized for the small household. It's sturdy, cleans easily, and does its job like a pro. The only minor complaint is that the handles on the side can get a bit hot. It seems to be the heat from the stove rising around the edges of the pot. However, this is a minor inconvenience.",
21606,__label__2,Excellent product.: This pan has worked very well for me. I steamed vegetables in the steamer pan and noodles in the bottom at the same time. I used it with my DuLux Induction cook top.,
21607,__label__1,"Cults?: This is an ongoing fundamentalist christian belief (that's been around forever) that no one can be a christian unless you came to God in their prescribed manner.If you don't, you're either a cult such as Mormons or simply (non) christian which would include the Catholic church.Meditation has been in the past and is apparently still considered evil to the fundamentalist christian even though it's nothing more than prayer.I can't understand why any Christian would promote such hate - isn't it the opposite of what Jesus taught.",
21608,__label__1,"Lack of Knowldge: The book reflects the fear in people. The best way to answer such nonsense is with knowldge. I suggest the following link that provides scientific and empircal data on the TM practice. http:www.truthabouttm.org/truth/Home/index.cfmNuns, monks, priest, scientist,and atheist all practice TM and receive benefit. Fundamnetalist of any religion attempt to find dogma to live by rather than seeking truth.Conchita",
21609,__label__1,"1 set insufficient to anchor tent: My marketplace canopy was left up overnight on pavement at a craft fair. Every experienced participant told me my weights were not enough to hold my tent in place if it was windy. The weights were only enough to hold the sides of the canopy on the ground. Do not purchase these weights expecting to hold the tent in place. You would need so many sets that it would be extremely costly. Instead make your own weights with sand, cinder blocks, or cement. Much more cost efficient.",
21610,__label__2,Clarify Quanties: Very happy with the shopping services and the product but suggest much more clarity that ordering ONE really means a SET of FOUR weight plates.,
21611,__label__1,"Poor: If I wanted a hack job commentary on Johnathan Edwards and CS Lewis, next time I will try to find someone who is a little more insightful than Mr Piper. Format: Quote, restate, weak commentary, then another quote. People pay him to do this?",
21612,__label__2,When I Don't Desire God: How to Fight For Joy: My son loved this book. He said it helped him and he would recommend it to others. I'm sure he will get more books.,
21613,__label__2,"Inexpensive, archival quality bags: I'm using these bags to archive magazines but also loose 8 X 11 prints, artwork and documents--looks like they are marketed for comic book geeks and they would work perfectly for that.They are wide enough to accommodate pretty fat magazines and have a one-inch or so flap that you can tape shut. A great bargain for documents/photographs since most of the archival materials for those run four or five times the cost of these bags. I'm very happy with these!",
21614,__label__1,"Very disappointed!: I chose this item since a reviewer liked it very much. However, I am very disappointed after receiving. The bag is much thinner than others and I am afraid it can't protect books or items well. I suggest the manufacturers changes its name from ""ultra pro"" to ""ultra unpro""!Do not waste your money!",
21615,__label__2,Quality Item: This is the best lambswool duster I've ever used. It has a very generous amount of wool and has a long sturdy handle. It does a great job in cleaning delicate items and more. Would buy again.,
21616,__label__2,Wool is the best: I was thrilled to find a wool duster. I find it to do what it was designed to quite well.,
21617,__label__2,"Excellent movie, but where are the extras ?: Excellent movie. But why is the U.S. version missing all the extras found on the region 2 release?",
21618,__label__1,"You'd have o be chained to the couch to watch this movie!: Undeservedly overlooked at this year's Oscars, this is actually a retitling of a film called 'Hell Mountain', and has all the hallmarks of a tedious cash-in. You'd be half right; while nothing to do with the 1983 classic, as post-apocalyptic soft-porn B-movies go, it's not at all bad. And, believe me, I've seen enough to know how bad it *can* get. Fortunately, CH3 is set in a future where fertiliser and guns are in short-supply, but civilization still has an abundant supply of thongs and hair-stylists. The plot/excuse has a village exchanging their nubile young girls with an evil (and disfigured, natch) man who runs the fertiliser mine. This peeves one of the boyfriends, who looks like Kyle McLachlan, but sadly possesses none of the quirky wit. Oh, and all teachers bar one have been exterminated.",
21619,__label__2,"A fresh account of a young man's journey to Taos in 1847: This newsy contemporary recounting of a trip that includes being a guest in Cheyenne lodges, freezing on the Texas plains, witnessing the trials of the murderers of New Mexico Governor Charles Bent, and wonderful conversations with mountain men and French Canadian voyageurs is written by a boy with an enthusiasm for his experience and a good eye and ear. Lots about horses, mules, food and dancing. A lovely book and fine language.",
21620,__label__1,"Don't be fooled by price & description.: This cheap HDMI cable seemed like a great deal, but don't be fooled by the low price and ""Full 1080p"" description. I tried this cable on both my Xbox 360 and PS3, the picture quality was bad on both, it skips and creates lines going up the screen when I tried to watch a movie, and it makes games and Blu-rays look very washed out and fuzzy. The cable itself is also made very cheaply and feels flimsy. While it's true some cheaper HDMI cables are just as good as the $50 ones, please don't make the same mistake I did, if you buy this cable you will not even be close to getting the full experience of what your HD devices are capable of.",
21621,__label__1,worked better with my old cables: you get what you pay for on this one. my hdtv looked better with my old cables. i do not recommend this product. standard definition looks terrible by the way. just looks ok with my blu-ray player. i was not impressed.,
21622,__label__1,Didn't work on Samsung LN40A650 and PS3: Hooked myPlayStation 3 80GBup to mySamsung LN40A650 40-Inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV with RED Touch of Colorand the screen flickered really bad while playingCall of Duty: World at War. The entire screen would cut out as well as the sound. Makes me wonder if this HDMI cable can fully support 1080p or not. At least it was cheap. You get what you pay for.,
21623,__label__2,"Great Cable great price only one knock ( on description): This cable works great used on my dvd player with easylink to tv. audio and video work right from the start no problems like other cables.Only knock i have is with the description, it states is Xbox 360 compatible, but cannot use this directly with an Xbox 360. You have to buy a Xbox Specific cable, not a so called compatible one.",
21624,__label__1,"STOPED WORKING AFTER 1 MONTH AND A HALF: this is unbelievable, i got this HDMI cable only for 1 month and a half and it does not work anymore. During the time that it did work, it often black out at times! i DO NOT recommend this to anyone, this is a unreliable cable!",
21625,__label__2,work fine: The cables work as indicated. Received the cables in the amount of time indicated and in good condition. This cable work fine. Can not beat the price.,
21626,__label__2,Fantastic Quality: great picture quality while using this cable. I use it for my digial artwork to project it on a much bigger screen. thanks tons!,
21627,__label__2,"Same as any other HDMI Cable: These are over 20 dollars at Walmart, even more at Bestbuy. It carries a digital signal and picture quality is either all there or not so why spend so much money on cables? These work great and at 6ft are pretty much the perfect length (I've found my 3ft ones can be about a half a foot or so too short at times). Save a bunch of money and buy these cables online.",
21628,__label__2,"No issues: I've purchased about three of these HDMI cables and haven't had any issues at all. I use one for my Xbox360, DVR, extra, etc.",
21629,__label__2,Works perfectly: I used the cable to connect a monitor to a PC. It worked as expected at a fraction of the cost of HDMI cables at local stores.,
21630,__label__2,Great cable great price: This HDMI cable was a great price and just as good as the store ones that cost double or triple this price. It works great and we will always buy these from Amazon!,
21631,__label__2,"Great Value: This cable is great quality and value. with my old hdmi cables i had a slight buzzing noise coming from my speaker, but after i got these the sound has improved 100%",
21632,__label__2,"Worked as advertised, excellent seller: Bought these to use with my PS3 and they worked without any issues. Cable is well made, specially for the amount payed, but don't expect anything fancy. I would definitely buy them over the more expensive brand ones. For some reason USPS shipped incorrectly, I emailed seller and got another cable sent out. I would definitely recommend cables and seller.",
21633,__label__1,"Stopped working after 9 months: I'm really ticked off about this cable! I bought it in November. And now on August 1st it stopped working today. I took the laptop downstairs to another HDMI cable and it worked fine. This Cable on 2 different tvs did not work all of the sudden. I connected a Blue-Ray today and the connection was going in and out. I thought it was my wireless connection until I realized the video out to the tv was not working on the laptop where an internet connection was not necessary. No warranty.It doesn't matter if it's a good deal if it doesn't even last a year! I have HDMI cables that have been connected from receivers, etc. to the tvs for over 5 years! I won't buy from here again!.",
21634,__label__1,"inexpensive but not properly shielded: This HDMI cable occasionally crackles. If the connection is jostled, the noise goes away but it works itself loose again. Our other cable didn't have this problem with the same DVD player and so I'm blaming it on the cable.",
21635,__label__1,"Defective!: Don't let the cheap price mislead you! I've ordered this cable the other day and one of the cable's tip came broken! Believe me, you're better off with a name brand cable that goes with whatever system you're buying it for!",
21636,__label__1,"This HDMI cord is worthless: Do not waste your money on this HDMI cord, one day it just stopped showing the picture. It is poor quality and will break on you.",
21637,__label__1,"Jumpy terrible product: This cable worked well on my PS3 for a total of about 30 minutes before the picture became jumpy and skipped. Tried games, DVD's and Blu-rays all with the same result. Completely useless.",
21638,__label__1,"OK: Not sure why it did not work for my Samsung HDTV and Mac book pro hook up. However, it did work for my Sony HDTV and regular HDMI hook up. Not too happy because I have another better quality HDMI cable that works for both set ups. Sticking to the better cable.",
21639,__label__2,"Just what i wanted: I ordered two hi def hdmi calbes and i got them :) Just a fantasic buy, i couldnt ask for more.",
21640,__label__1,"Sometimes Works: Cable works with some combinations of devices but doesn't work at all with others. Works on one TV with my Xbox, another it works with the computer but not the Xbox while one of my other cables works flawlessly. I'll be buying a slightly better cable next and trashing this one.",
21641,__label__1,hdmi cable category2: after hooking it up the connection produced blue flickering spotsi ended up going to costco paid a little more but the reception was perfecti threw the sanoxy outi guess you get what you pay for,
21642,__label__1,"Not 1080P: I got this for my Apple TV1080P. It works just fine on my older 720P Apple TV, but cuts in and out on the 1080....spend the extra couple bucks and get a better cable. Because I believed my cable to be capable of full 1080P, I brought my Apple TV back to the store.....I should have known better",
21643,__label__2,"It works!: Ordered this cable for very cheap. Don't fall for the gimmicks. A simple hdmi cable should be cheap and work. I would recommend this product to anyone. Buy one buy three, it's cheaper than ""name"" brand cables and does the job perfectly.",
21644,__label__2,"Works Great: Cheap, made in China, but it gets the job done. I use to connect my PS3 to my TV and it works with no problems.",
21645,__label__2,My review: I got this to add a video device to my TV and it works great. I am really surprised at the price as most retailers sell it for agreat deal more.,
21646,__label__2,hdmi cables: I purchased 2 PS3 game consoles for my boys and grand children at christmas and needed 2 more cables. We checked at all the stores that carry them and then as I always do I went to my trusty Amazon.com site and found them at a fraction of the cost!!! So I purchased them there and they came within a few days and the kids had a great time with there new game system.Thanks amazon. I tell everyone I know to always check with Amazon before purchasing anything from another site or a department store.M.L. Forney,
21647,__label__1,"Hit and miss: Got two of these cables for my Samsung 52A650 television. The HDMI cable from my cable DVR works great 99% of the time -- a couple glitches here and there, so I may replace it in the future.The HDMI cable from my Blu-Ray player to the TV had problems from the beginning. Would be watching about 30 minutes, then *poof* just static and snow on the screen. Bumped the cable a couple times and it would be ok... until the next time. That one finally went into the garbage and I replaced it with at $29 cable from Philips, which works flawlessly.At the price, it's an ok deal, but buy at least two for each device you plan to hook up as it's likely one of them will be defective.",
21648,__label__2,High priced cables are overrated: The cables are same quality and length as cables priced up to 30Xs as much. I would recommend purchasing these cables and saving the extra money you would have wasted buying the overpriced ones.,
21649,__label__2,"Good budget cable: It provides the same quality video as the other more expensive ones, so I can't see a reason to buy the same cable for 20-30$.",
21650,__label__2,"Super Great Deal! I Love these Cables: I must say, I was a little sceptical about these cables, because they were so inexpensive. They work just as good as more expensive cables. I have seen PS3 HDMI Cables in the stores for up to $99.00! An audio/visual person I know informed me that an HDMI Cable is an HDMI Cable regardless of what materials are used, etc. As he explained, the signal remains the same.I highly recommend these cables, I purchased two since they were so cheap.",
21651,__label__2,"Great Cable, Dirt Cheap: It's like getting the monster cables for two dollars. Who wouldn't buy it? I only gave it 4 stars because my gold tip on the cable was slightly bent and it caused it to crackle a bit when I first plugged it in. No problem, I then ordered another one just in case it broke, and the second one I ordered was perfect.",
21652,__label__2,"Perfect!!!: Exactly what I needed and came earlier than the arrival time given to me. Works great, connected to my electronic devices with no issues.",
21653,__label__2,"good price: it only cost a dollar so why not, and it's not defective. plus it's working well with our television :)it makes it clearer and i can really feel the game by using this cable.",
21654,__label__2,HDMI Cable: Does what a HDMI cable is suppose to do. Connected it from my xbox 360 to my HD tv and works perfectly.,
21655,__label__2,It works and its cheap...what else do you want?!: shipped fast works great i really couldnt ask for more. my only recommendation is make sure you always buy the bigger cable.,
21656,__label__1,Stopped working after 3 days!: Unsure how a cable can stop working after 3 days but this one did. Wasted a bunch of my time figuring out what went wrong only to find it was the new cable. Total junk.,
21657,__label__2,Perfect for PlayStation 3: I use this HDMI on my PlayStation 3 system and it works perfectly 1080p and is a great size very good material,
21658,__label__2,Great quality for the price!!: Why pay so much for the same cord when this works just as well. Does the trick for me! Buy this and you won't be disappointed.,
21659,__label__1,not happy: Bought two of these HDMI cables and took one to the cabin to hook up dvd player to tv. The cable didn't work. Don't know if the other one works. I will check when I get home. So far looks like you get what you pay for.,
21660,__label__2,I was skeptical.: I was very skeptical about this cable because it wasn't $100. I ordered it for my PS3 and I'm glad I did. It's completely awesome. Buy it and you won't regret it.,
21661,__label__2,great purchase: this is a really great purchase i highly recomend it got it hooked up to my ps3 and it works great havent had any problems with it buy this!!works just as good as the expensive ones.,
21662,__label__1,"Didnt work: Bought it to use with PS3 but it didnt work (you could hear no audio when plugged in). It only cost a few dollars so I didnt bother me that much, but it was part of a gift for someone else so I did feel bad that I bought it in the first place.",
21663,__label__2,"HDMI Cable Category 2 (Full 1080P Capable): Very happy with purchase, fast shipping and good product quality, excellent communication with the store, Preben it with a blue ray dvd and everything great",
21664,__label__2,"ok: Cable works fine. First time into HD connection. Saw other cables on other sites which were way too high. Bought this, works fine!Payed more for shipping than for the cable itself. Don't know what the expensive cables do but I'm sure not much more than this.",
21665,__label__2,"Great deal: I bought this one to save money and it works just as well as the $50 ones, only I got it for less than$10. I love it and it works perfectly with my Xbox 360 and laptop.",
21666,__label__1,"Poor Quality: This cable worked for 2 days, then quit. Save yourself the hassle and buy a better quality cable the first time. It seems that you get what you pay for; don't go cheap!",
21667,__label__1,"Poor: I bought 4 of theses , once connected quality was good and all worked well, after only disconnecting once and reinstalling the continuity in the cable all broke they fail even with the smallest bend! all four have now become u/s",
21668,__label__1,TERRIBLE: These are the worst cables I have ever bought. I have a 63 inch plasma TV and the picture is COMPLETELY CHOPPY! Ruins the entire point of having a big TV. DO NOT BUY THESE CABLES!,
21669,__label__1,"Simply didn't work: It may have been a fluke, but when I got this cable I hooked it up to my TV and my PS3, set everything correctly, but no HD. We tested it out several times, even using a different TV and a different PS3 and an Xbox 360. Cable just didn't work. I'd recommend dropping a few dollars extra and just picking up a better cable.",
21670,__label__2,Excellent with the tiniest problem!: Works like a charm. I spent almost $4 on the same thing I'd have had to pay $50 for if GameStop was the only option. But thanks to this I paid what a TV cable is really worth.One occasional problem that happens approximately once a week is that the screen and the sound go away for about 2 seconds but very very rarely. I was going to give it a 4 star because of this but it's not as big of a deal to me. Definitely recommended...,
21671,__label__1,"Atleast they were cheap as free: Ya these worked out well when I first got them, it went all downhill from there. My games looked good, but my blu-rays on my Toshiba were terrible, the picture was jumpy (it was jumping between the current picture and a picture 1sec ahead) and you couldn't enjoy the movie at all. And on top of all that, 2 weeks later I turn on the PS3 and pictures gone, cables were fried, I'm using the A/V cables included till my Sony brand component cables arrive",
21672,__label__2,"Great product: This is a great product at a very reasonable price, I have HDMI cables on all of our TVs and love the quality we get!!",
21673,__label__1,"terrible quality: I bought this cable thinking that at the worst I'm wasting $2.50 on a potentially good cable...and I ended up doing just that. This cable is crap. Poor audio quality and the picture was abysmal. There were wavy lines all over the picture and it had very poor clarity (where there weren't wavy lines.) Used with 40"" Samsung",
21674,__label__2,A Good Buy: I was reluctant to buy this cable because the price is so low but took the risk anyway. It works as advertised and is a good quality cable. I'm completely satisfied with this purchase.,
21675,__label__2,why pay store prices for the same cable: shipping was perfect. quality is flawless. why pay inflated store prices for the same cable,
21676,__label__1,it worked fine at first...: when i got it i plugged it into my xbox and worked fine about two weeks later i went on a trip and came back and it didnt work it is just too low quality i would sugest gettin a $10 or $20 one.,
21677,__label__2,great money saver!: Glad I did my homework. This cable does the job and for much less than if I had purchased it in a retail store. Don't throw your money at the retailers! Hooked up my son's PS3 Christmas morning for immediate enjoyment.,
21678,__label__2,Works perfect: This cable works just as well as the $70 monster cable I bought a year ago. If you need an HDMI cable to do the job this is the one plus the price is ultra fair.,
21679,__label__2,Great for 2.63: I got this in the mail and it was about what I thought it would be a cheap but working cable. I takes about 1 minutes to warm up when you use it then it works fine but in the first minute or so the picture will go fuzzy then perfect the fuzzy,
21680,__label__2,"Unbelievable: I just could not believe how incredible this purchase was. The price will always bring me happiness. I just wished I knew of this before spending lots of money on a expensive HDMI cable at Best Buy. I felt ripped off. The difference between this one and a retail one is...nothing! The quality matches those of expensive cables. It's just unbelievable! Overall I am a happy buyer. I may just buy another one for backup, lol",
21681,__label__2,"Excellent!: Bought this for use with an xBox 360 on a plasma tv. After switching from the standard RWY coaxial xBox connectors to this HDMI cable, the difference was INCREDIBLE! This cable worked perfectly, and you can't beat the price!",
21682,__label__2,"DO DO DOIN IT: just so everyone is clear. In the digital age, there isn't ""lossyness"" the difference in quality between this and the 50, 60. 70. or even 300+ dollar cables you can find online is absolutely nothing. With a digital signal it is either all there or it isn't.",
21683,__label__2,HDMI Cable 6ft: The cable works great and saved me a lot of money. I am very pleased with my purchase.,
21684,__label__2,Worked great!: This cable works great! I'm using it to connect my new 360 to my TV and it works just as expected. The cable ends do not seem like they are cheap or easily broken to me. Recommend.,
21685,__label__1,"Cable did not work for me: When trying to use this cable with my PS3 and my HDTV, it did not work. When using a different HDMI cable, everything worked fine, but this cable did not show up as anything.The company selling it does have a very good policy, however, and I was given back my money for the product.",
21686,__label__1,"Don,t buy this junk: Hdmi cable defective. Cable shorted out my netgear streaming player and my Roku player. Never did hear back from seller.",
21687,__label__1,"Ehh: Well, quick delivery..works..but if you aren't using a tv with 1080 static specs will appear. So only get it if you have the right tv.",
21688,__label__2,product just as described: The product was just as described and expected. The product was shipped promptly it and arrived on time without any problems.,
21689,__label__2,Great!!: Works exactly like you would expect. Couldn't ask for anything more for the money. I recommend this all day long to my friends and relatives who are looking for a cheap hdmi cable.,
21690,__label__2,"HDMI Cable: The HDMI Calbe worked great and absolutely great price. Product arrived on time and since it was purchased with another product, it shipped free.",
21691,__label__2,"great value.. works with ps3.. PC.. etc..: great value... no difference in performance between this inexpensive 6ft cable.. to big brand name cables like monster.. you never need to pay $30 for a 6ft cable.. i have bought 3 of these cables for my PS3, Home Theater Personal Computer[HTPC], and dvd player.. connected to my 32"" Samsung HDTV.. and everything works great..",
21692,__label__1,"Has some problems: Beware: I've had these cables for over 3 months and during that time I've experience quite a few black outs/failures. I used two of these HDMI cables to connect from a Sony DVD player and Uverse box to a Sony LCD TV, and both cables fail from time to time (the screen either blacks-out or says I've ""loss HD connectivity""). I pin-pointed the problem to the cables b/c ever since I've replaced them, I no longer have the ""black-out"" problem. However, good points are they're cheap and replaceable.",
21693,__label__1,"PS3 can not reach 1080p: PS3 can not reach 1080p with this cable, everything else being equal, the same PS3/HDTV works fine with the Monster cable. Of course, the price is in no comparison anyway.",
21694,__label__1,"Does not fit in my Xbox 360: I bought this cable for my Xbox so I can get better picture quality on my TV when playing. I received the HDMI cable fine, but when attempting to put this in the HDMI port on my Xbox, the cable would not fit because of my AV cable. Cable should be a bit thinner so both the AV cable and HDMI can fit at the same time.",
21695,__label__1,it works: the game works ok and the kids seem to use it a lot. I had to buy a flat screen to play it on cause the old tv wouldn't work.,
21696,__label__1,"Wait for the special edition DVD: There's a special edition widescreen DVD being released in February 2007, which has remastered audio and video and better extras. Don't buy this horrible version.",
21697,__label__2,"Awesome animation: I really enojoy this movie. I watched it all the time when I was younger, and it always made me cry, and still does. Even though I watched it as a kid, it doesn't geared towards children to me for some reason. Mainly b/c it's somewhat dark and I didn't really understand it as a child, but I still liked it. I definitely appreciate it more now, and it still makes me sad. Almost like a drama more than a cartoon I would say. I also really like the animation. I've never seen another cartoon like this one. It seems almost like a gothic style cartoon. I can't really describe it, but I like it! I would reccomend this to anyone.",
21698,__label__1,"The Studio Managed To Destroy A Classic Tale: This dvd release is so horrible. This movie should have been restored to the level it deserved to be. They made it full screen with lousy, awful, distorted sound and I guess the bonus features are the extra grainy picture and ugly cover art. All of us fans of the movie deserve a re-release of the dvd complete with bonus features, 5.1 sound, complete digital restoration and more of a mystical,magical, beautiful cover to the dvd. They should know by now that they can sell more if they give us more.Studio people please rescue this film from complete destruction.",
21699,__label__2,"Please Note: Most Reviews listed are for the first DVD release...: People take note: most of the negative reviews about the picture and sound quality are for the original DVD release - not the Blu-ray release! The new, Blu-ray release quality is fantastic. So take heart! Not all is as it seems...",
21700,__label__1,"Would have bought this...: I loved this movie as a child - and came here as an adult to buy it. It's great to hear it's been restored, but if it was at the price of the integrity of the film, I absolutely refuse to purchase an edited copy. Restoration should mean returning to the original state, not censoring to snare a overprotected, overly sanitized new audience. I will certainly buy a copy when they fix this issue (and intend to find a way to complain to the company responsible as well).",
21701,__label__2,I LOVE this movie.: I REALLY want to watch this movie amain. I would give anything. But in my town it is not at the video-stores or at any stores I have been to. I liked the unicorn the best. The red bull was scary and so was the harpy. The prince was handsome. It was so touching and the animation and the music was beautiful. I haven't seen it since I was 8 and I would LOVE to see it again. I would strongly recommend buying this movie. It is one you will want to see over and over again. P.S. I think this movie should get an award.,
21702,__label__2,"A True Masterpiece: This movie ranks among my all-time favorites. Sure, the animation may not be perfect, and the DVD release could be better, and there are just a couple of thematic elements here and there that I could do without, but nonetheless, this movie is a classic.It's a wonderful movie about unicorns and love and destiny, and discovering who you are. The music is brilliant, and the actors are superb. If I could be any character in this movie, I'd like to be the butterfly, or the cat, or the talking skull, or even Mommy Fortuna!",
21703,__label__2,"Finally, A Competent Release!: Don't be confused by the negative reviews. Nearly all refer to the earlier full screen, Artisan, DVD which I would call miserable except I don't want to give miserable a bad name. For some reason Amazon simply transfered the reviews from the vastly inferior Artisan release. This is a new release in wide screen, fully remastered and superior in every way.The sound & colors are all fresh and nearly flawless. Gone are the scratches, dirt specks, faded colors and muddy sound. I find the artwork appealing in it's simplicity in a day of photo-realistic animated movies and I love the story and music.In a few cases the remastered colors seem a little too intense and sometimes odd but overall it's an outstanding release of a wonderful film.Whatever you do, don't buy the Artisan full-screen version.",
21704,__label__2,"Great deep messages: I loved it! I felt like a kid again. This is what we need in these times, a little bit of innocence and hope. No matter how old we are, we can still be children again. I enjoyed watching it with my nieces and nephews.",
21705,__label__1,Poor Quality: We were amazed at the poor quality of the DVD. I think the 25th anniversary edition is supposed to have a better quality that doesn't look like they taped it off an old VHS.,
21706,__label__2,Great: My daughter loves this movie. We saved the blue ray for when she gets older and nows how to take care of the disc. She is 3 and watches this over and over.,
21707,__label__2,"A great film for all ages.: I have always loved ""The Last Unicorn"" since I was a kid. When it finally came out in a Blu-ray/DVD combo pack - I was ecstatic! The quality is amazing and brings the movie I love so much to a whole new life of color and sound. Also, in re-watching I realized that I still love this movie and it is a decent enough adaptation of Peter S. Beagle's Book of the same name, which is one of my favorite books! I recommend this item to anyone who has a childlike curiosity - likes magic, animation, and especially JEFF BRIDGES!",
21708,__label__2,"The last Unicorn: The last unicorn video was fantastic, it's about this unicorn that gets captured, needs to leave her animal friends, and she even gets turned into a human. I think there is more than one movie about the last unicorn, but I am talking about a boy that is a wizard (not a very good one), a circus that has lozy animals and a very mean person that image of the animals look like the animals are powerful. If you are a person that enjoys movies about fantasy then READ THIS BOOK!",
21709,__label__2,"""I Must Take the A Train"": Don't you love the butterfly at the beginning. This is the best movie I've ever seen. As a child I loved it & now as a grown up even more. I encouraged my boyfriend to watch it, but he thought I was crazy until he read all the wonderful reviews. This movie stays near and dear to your heart. For all those who belive in magic, fantasy,love and adventure, get this movie. Parents & kids both will enjoy.",
21710,__label__2,"Greatest movie I've ever seen!: I LOVE this movie! My parent's taped it for me when I was little, but they ended up taping over it again. I'm so glad that it's out for video. Now I can buy it myself! I have always been interested in fairytale-like movies.Now I add yet another to my HUGE collection!",
21711,__label__1,"No offense!: Despite the enthusiastic comments of the artists involved (watch the making of) and the hardly less enthusiastic reviews on this site this film has a rather banal story line with rather banal dialogue. Moreover the design of the title character (unicorn and girl) looks like a combination of a Barbie doll and your customary anime girlie. Apparently the layouts of the US artists had to be oversimplified by Japanese animators. Though I like the witch and the Red Bull. And then there are the awful songs by folk rock group America which are only topped by the ones sung by the characters themselves. The best thing to mention is the background design which occasionally follows medieval art and reminds you of Disney's Sleeping Beauty. Yes, and I don't mind the sometimes grainy picture quality.",
21712,__label__2,"The Last Unicorn: In very good condition after ""flying"" from another side of the world to Asia - Singpore. Good job! Thanks!",
21713,__label__1,"only if you're a childhood fan: I hadn't seen this movie since I was four, and I was curious to watch it as a twentysomething. Verdict: if you loved it as a child, you will probably adore it for sentimental reasons. But as someone who had no attachment to it, I felt the story was loosely woven and the songs grating and dated--in fact, I skipped through them. Young children will probably enjoy it, but it is degrading to expect older children to be captivated by a story so lacking.",
21714,__label__1,"This Release to DVD is Shameful: This is my ALL TIME FAVORITE Animated film. I'm eagerly awaiting the LIVE ACTION film. And I was anticipated this US release to see if it would be as good or better than the UK one. Sadly.. that is not the case. The Quality is horrible not to mention the kiddie targeted artwork from the vsh release is still used. Shameful. I shall be picking up the UK version with all its glorious extras, widescreen format, and beautiful artwork. This US release should make every animation and Last Unicorn love sick.",
21715,__label__1,UK Version 1000 times better: I'm waiting anxiously for the Live action version of this classic. This is my ALL TIME FAVORIE Animated Movie EVER!!! I was so dissapointed at what a horrible release to DVD this was. Not only was the packaging the same crappy kiddie fare artwork as the old VHS.. but the Quality was just horrible. I shall surely be buying the UK release with all its glorious extras and and widescreen format and beautiul artwork. This US release should be an embarasment for all animation and Last Unicorn fans.,
21716,__label__1,"Disappointing -- not like I remember: I'm pretty upset by the DVD. For some 20 years I've watched the VHS version that my mom taped off the TV, and being a 27 year-old woman I'm still obsessed with this movie and watch it every time I go home. I couldn't believe that I could get this wonderful film on DVD now, considering the fact that only my parents own a VCR these days. But, it was weird to watch -- there are different sounds either I don't notice on the VHS version, or that are new. And there are parts in it that must have been edited from the version I grew up with; props to adding them back in, but it ruins the movie for me. It's just not exactly right. I think I'll just have to keep watching my parents tape, because after 20 years I don't think I can handle these mini changes. *sigh*",
21717,__label__2,"Tears, Not Ratings: It deeply upsets me as a teenager that modern movies, though entertaining, are meaningless. They are written for the purpose of being either PG13 or R or PG or G and parts are given to stars. The Last Unicorn isn't a ""kid's movie"" as some unwise adults put it. It is a movie that brings tears to the eyes of those who look for magic and perhaps even brings the unwilling eyes to tears as they realize they've never looked. To find true meaning I look to anime and movies such as this. They enrich the lives of the viewers and leave you with the feeling that there is more to life than sex and violence.",
21718,__label__1,"Surprised this video is available to children: My two daughters watched this video. My husband and myself took turns watching it with the girls because it was so long. During my time watching it I noticed some adult words that shouldn't be in there and also female nudity on a bird that was a bit outrageous. Also my husband observed some female anatomy on a tree that was not for children. Parents, please watch this video with your children if you do buy it. As it is such a long movie I imagine many parents just let the kids watch it and go fix dinner or do other things...not in the same room. I got bored and left after a while. I don't think this is a cartoon for children. I may be the only one.",
21719,__label__1,"long and weird: This movie is very long, and very weird and a little too scary for my 6 year old girl who likes unicorns. It's quite dark and depressing for a kids movie.",
21720,__label__1,"CUSS Words for children!!!! Give me a break!: If you monitor what your children watch, don't buy this as it has several incidences of foul adult language! It has the word ""damn"" in it twice and other situations that are for adults. I gave it a one star because the graphic animation is nicely done.",
21721,__label__1,"Disney - animation - story - acting = The Last Unicorn: To everyone over the age of ten who likes this movie:The next time you're talking to someone, observe how they move when you're talking to them. Are they constantly swaying back and forth, making dramatic swings of the head and body? If they're not, then I can't see a possible reason for you to be praising the animation of film.I mean, it could be the obnoxious ""humor"" spouted out by our ""comedian"" butterfly in the second scene that makes our heroine dance around like a drunken clown, and sing like she has strep throat, and speak as though the actress is being forced into the job. But I doubt it.It could be the three-breasted harpie, or the cliched ""pretty creature turned into pretty naked girl"", or the fact that the unicorn makes Mrs. Elton sound modest, but I can't stand this movie. Why are you subjecting your children to this movie? Watch some Disney, or at least some Ghibli.",
21722,__label__2,"Wonderful classic with a terrible dvd release: The last Unicorn is a true cartoon classic, its magical story telling at its best, great for kids of all ages and most adults will enjoy it as well. The reason I deduced a star was simpally because of the dvd release. Being a student in the DVD field I can tell that they simpally took an old vhs master and boosted the resolution in hopes that it would imitate DVD quality but it failed miserably. However that doesnt work, boosting the resolution on an old master like that brings out its flaws. I bought the DVD and recorded the cartoon off television onto a DVD-R. I compaired them side by side and can honestly say the television recording holds out better overall. Its sad that classics like this are neglected, but then again business is business.",
21723,__label__1,"What a terrible dvd of such a great movie!: I adore this movie. the animation is wonderful, the story poignant, but the dvd was terrible! They obviously hadn't touched up the old VHS at all. The picture has lots of holes and spots. I like the fullscreen format personally, but I know many people would have liked the option of widescreen. If their are bonus features like the box claims I can't find them. Overall, you will probably be better off with the VHS, which had a better picture.",
21724,__label__1,"This is wonderful movie, but an awful release of it: Let me start by saying that The Last Unicorn is my favorite movie of all time. I have loved it since I was very, very young. However, I truly wish I had never bought this DVD.First off, the movie is full screen and not widescreen--this could easily be forgiven if the DVD didn't have numerous other problems. The picture quality is awful and looks as though they ripped the movie from the old VHS master. There are also some scenes where the contrast seems to be up too high. I know that these are not simply issues with the original movie because I have the German release and its picture is flawless (not to mention widescreen) and beautiful. This release also has one of the worst menus I have ever seen. The DVD says it has special features, but I can't find them!If you're a hardcore Last Unicorn fan, don't buy this DVD. Your old VHS version is just as good.",
21725,__label__1,"Don't Buy this dvd!!!: The reason you should not buy this dvd is not because it is a bad movie. The company releasing it has taken all profits due to the author of the story. The websites www.conlanpress.com\youcanhelp, and www.unicorntears.com have all the pertinent info, don't support these thieves. I put my vhs version onto dvd.",
21726,__label__1,"Wonderful movie, but terrible DVD: ""The Last Unicorn"" is one of my favorite childhood movies, and the movie itself certainly deserves 5 stars. However, the DVD version is so poor, quality-wise, that I cannot recommend it. I read the reviews here at Amazon before purchasing it, but I thought surely it couldn't be as bad as everyone was making out. I'm no DVD expert, so I thought perhaps it was only DVD aficionados who were upset. However, I was mistaken. It really is terrible. All I care about is having a nice, clear picture, and this print is dark, dirty, and flickers strangely throughout the film. It's a shameful way to treat a wonderful movie. I only hope that it will be re-released properly at some point!",
21727,__label__1,"DVD deceit: The last unicorn is a beautiful story with memorable characters and a bittersweet ending. I saw the original on VHS as a child and it became burned into my memory even into adulthood. Last year I met Peter S. Beagle, the author of the book, at a convention and learned an unfortunate truth. Peter S. Beagle does not receive any compensation for the use of his material in the DVD format as sold by most vendors! As much as I love this story, I want to encourage people not to buy the DVD unless they purchase it through Peter's representative, conlanpress.com. You can even have him sign and personalize your DVD there! Believe me, it was a dream come true to receive my personalized copy for my birthday and it felt good to know he was getting the compensation he deserved.",
21728,__label__2,"Last Unicorn: This movie is wonderful. It might go over younger viewers heads in some parts, but it does a decent job sticking to the original story. While the animation is not what some kids might be used to, it will still hold their attention.",
21729,__label__2,"An excellent video for all ages!: I love this video! It has great music, a great storyline, and great characters. It really made me believe that there are such things as unicorns. It's a very touching film for children and adults alike. If you're into mystical legends like unicorns, this is the video to buy. It has everything!",
21730,__label__2,"A Quest Every Child Should Take Before Imagination Is Lost.: This is one of the first movies I saw as a child, and the one I most vividly remember. Even though I am all grown up now, fragments of this beautiful film--especially the vision of the lovely Lady Amalthea--have lived in the back of my mind the whole time. Seeing this film again nearly 17 years later was like being swept back in time. When all the lost unicorns are brought back from the sea on the crest of a wave, and when the Last Unicorn, at the end of her quest, returns to the forest she left, and the credits start to roll, and the music plays, and the scenery turns into that medieval tapestry, I was crying like I was 5 again. My only complaint was the picture on the video box. It looks cheap & corny and really doesn't capture the wealth of beauty, fantasy, and imagination that's locked inside.",
21731,__label__2,"Beautiful movie with a beautiful song: I heard Kenny Loggins version of ""The Last Unicorn"" a few years ago and couldn't figure out why it sounded so familiar. THen I remembered the movie I loved when I was younger. I saw it on the Disney channel last year. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone. Great story, great emotional content and...well...it's just great all around.",
21732,__label__2,"The Ultimate Classic: With a soundtrack done not by Queen, but the band called America, The Last Unicorn was a film that entrances me as much now as it did when I was a child. Beautiful little touches, such as the ""Tree's Love"" and ""Robin Hood Illusion"" make this such a heart-tearing film.",
21733,__label__2,my favorite childhood movie: I was about 6 years old when the last unicorn was in theaters i own they didnt get to see it theater but because i keep telling my parents wanted to see it they rent it for my sister and i we both loved it now that older i wanted this video so my sister and could share with my 4 year old niece needless to say she love the and enyjoys as much as we did(and still do),
21734,__label__2,"An Ageless Film: I first saw this amazing movie about seven years ago on TV and had to have it. Through the years I have grown, matured, and have moved off to colllege, but still find this to be one of the best stories I have had the pleasure to watch. The morals presented along with the well developed story line make even a student of theatre appreciate the basic root of entertainment that The Last Unicorn has to offer. If you ever need to just sit back, unwind, and let go of reality for a world of fantasy for a little while, The Last Unicorn will indeed make you smile.",
21735,__label__1,"Ouch!: Just adding my two cents to the mounting disgruntlement over this release. The picture quality is terrible, the music is so loud that you often can't hear what characters are saying, it's fullscreen, and it looks to be a bad transfer from video. All in all, this DVD is the pits. The folks who released it should be ashamed.",
21736,__label__1,"Utterly Disturbing: The Last Unicorn is, regretfully, profoundly disturbing for the balance of its length. The plot is horrifying for a young person -- it is, in reality, a bizzare, confusing, animated nightmare. And, watching the animation is a headache-inducing experience. A child under 10 expecting a Disney-esque fairy tale about unicorns will be in for an extremely rude awakening. The ""insights"" in the film regarding the human condition, such as they are, will be utterly lost on a young person.",
21737,__label__2,The Last Unicorn: My youngest daughter and I used to watch this movie when she was little and this is the first time I've been able to find it for her. It's her 17th birthday soon and she will be tickled to pieces. Thanks for having it!!,
21738,__label__1,"Not for children under 12: I picked up this video at my local library for my school-aged children. It was in the juvenile section and had a G rating so I thought it was safe. Thank goodness I stayed in the room to watch it with them. While there is a meaningful story and superb fantasy element, this movie is not for younger children. It scared the pants off me, a thirtysomething viewer who made it through The Ring and The Exorcist. The animation is frightening; the language is inappropriate; the themes are too adult. Please be warned. If you're interested in showing this video to your children, watch it on you own first. Better yet, get the book.",
21739,__label__1,not for small kids: I was shocked thatthis had a G rating with the language used. Not for small kids who are impressionable and repeat what they hear. Other than that a good fanatsy story.,
21740,__label__1,"A children's movie which could have been edited to 45 min.: My family found this movie to be long and tedious. Even my three year old daughter does not want to see it again. Overall, the dialog is monotone and the songs are more of the plot than the characters. Unfortunately these songs are all done in the same whiny tone.",
21741,__label__1,"Great movie, stunningly disappointing DVD release: I have no idea what they did to the soundtrack of this release - it is horrible! There is inappropriate background music that almost drowns out the dialog in some scenes. Most of the actual songs seem normal, but the mixing levels between the voices, sound effects, and ""ambiance"" music is way, way off.The color transfer also seems very shoddy in places - too dark in several scenes, such as at the outlaws' camp.Altogether, it is horribly disappointing to see such a wonderful movie treated in this way.",
21742,__label__2,Very faithful to the book: One of the best things about this movie is how faithful an adaptation it is from the book. And no wonder. It was scripted by Peter S. Beagle the man who wrote the fantasty classic. So many phrases and happenings mirorr exactly the book that it's a good idea to have a copy while you're watching the movie. The animation isn't great here but the voices suit the characters well and it ends up being a great movie. Buy it!,
21743,__label__1,"WHY!?: Why did they have to ruin such a great movie with such a TERRIBLE DVD treatment??? I waited so long for this movie to be released. I grew up with it; to me it is way better than many of the Disney movies around(specially the most recent ones). Like many other reviewers wrote on here, the picture quality is TERRIBLE, contrasts are over done, the image doesn't even look sharp and for some reason it keeps jumping on my tv screen!I have also the VHS version of this film, and sadly enough I find NO DIFFERENCE with the dvd version. I hope someday a kind studio will rerelease this fantasy gem improved as it deserves, just like Disney did with the new version of Alice in Wonderland. But let's face it, this might take years, it it ever happens.",
21744,__label__2,"beautiful: I saw this on T.V. as a kid and have loved it since then. The animation is beautiful (and it's GREAT to have an alternative to Disney's corporate pap). The story has all the power and interest of true mythology, and best of all, the tale is told with a healthy dose of humour. See it, buy it, introduce it to more children. The Last Unicorn is a movie that endures.",
21745,__label__2,"It's a classic!: The Last Unicorn belongs in the homes of a collector or one simply looking for a good movie. The movie is also great for children with supervision. It is perfect for a family collection or to watch with children while babysitting. I have grown up with the thoughts of Unicorns prancing in my head; this movie dares to take those fanatasies to a new level. The Last Unicorn deals with many issues that can be used today, about self worth. The movie has humor, witt, and the capability of a universal story-line. The graphics are pleasing to the eye without beign overly complicated. I recommend it as a true classic that belongs in the homes of almost everyone.",
21746,__label__2,"Beautiful fantasy: This is a magical movie. The basic plot is that the last unicorn must rescue the other unicorns from the red bull. It's very similar to the more-detailed book.The characters are varied and rich and far from being stereotypical and one-dimensional. We even sympathize a little with the villains as we understand why they do what they do.I really enjoyed the songs, which were performed by America.The movie is generally clean, although some of the frightening scenes may be too intense for young children. The violence is without gore and usually happens away from view. There is a small part with a nude woman, but her long hair covers the essentials. I can't tell you why she's clotheless without giving away some of the plot, but that small part is tastefully done.The film could have used a little restoration. Oh well.",
21747,__label__2,"You Schmendrick, you!: I grew up with this movie. I had a tape and totally wore it out watching this movie so much. I make everyone I know watch this movie, whether they want to or not. So many great things about this: Alan Arkin, America, Jules Bass, Jealous Magical trees, etc.",
21748,__label__2,"Stunning: I saw this move once when I was very young, and for the longest time I couldn't find anyone else who had seen it. I almost wasn't sure I really had seen a movie called ""The Last Unicorn."" Then, joy of joys, several years later I happened upon the tape, and watched it again. It was twice as good as I'd remembered. This is the type of movie you can't get out of your head. It's just absolutely stunning. The only reason I can't give it the 5 stars is because no movie could ever equal Peter s. Beagle's heart-breakingly beautiful, yet hilarious book. Nothing could come closer than this.",
21749,__label__1,"Shame on you Artisan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: Artisan Entertainment has put out some beautiful DVDs in the past. The new T2 Extreme and Stargate Director's Cut are just a couple. This pan and scan release of The Last Unicorn is a true travesty. I have never seen a worse picture in my life on a DVD. Yes, it's that bad. Shame on you Artisan, F.H.E., Carlton, and whoever else had anything to do with this DVD. This is a classic, beloved movie and it deserves so much better than this.",
21750,__label__2,"Great: I love the last Unicorn, I watched it all the time when I was younger. I was really happy to find it on Amazon and be able to rent it for a low cost. This was a great way to relive childhood memories.",
21751,__label__2,Beautiful story: I have watched this movie when i was a little girl. it is really sweet and magical. Hey im 23 now and i still watch it! It is really worth watching. the music is really pretty too!,
21752,__label__2,"Who Chose the Cover Art???: This film truly is one of the greatest fantasy features of all time, and it should be represented as such. The packaging, though, looks like it was designed for children. This movie reaches far beyond the scope of childhood. Has anyone looked at Amazon.uk to see the cover art for the European DVD release? Its really great if you haven't looked. The American release of the video did the same thing: it produced this fine film with really cheesy cover art.",
21753,__label__1,"Spare Animation, too many pop ballads...: A delicate white unicorn (voiced by Mia Farrow) who believes herself to be the last of her kind sets out on a search for other mythological creatures. Along the trek she meets a bumbling wizard named Schmendrick (Alan Arkin) who accidentally transforms her from equine to human. She finds herself on the, er, horn of a dilemma. Somewhere between Mommy Fortuna's (Angela Lansbury) traveling curiosity show and the castle of the evil King Haggard (Christopher Lee), the unicorn meets Prince Lir (Jeff Bridges) and has to decide whether or not to tell him the truth about herself. Based on the novel by Peter S. Beagle, music by soft-pop group ""America"". A great sotry that doesn't quite work in this awkard animation style -- I'm curious to see how the live action version (currently in production) will fare.Staci Layne Wilson",
21754,__label__1,"AVOID: This is a very good film that has yet had a decent video release here in the US. This DVD release is a disaster.This particular print has several major defects. First this movie suffers more than most when cutting it from widescreen to full screen. But the pan-and-scan job (the technique used to make a widescreen film fit on a regular television) was also totally botched leaving many scenes showing only half a face or character.There is also many color problems. The print is biased to red. Dark scenes, of which there are many, show a red tint. Related to this is that the greens are subdued. Many objects that should be green show as blue.The print is also grainy showing more video noise than normal.The soundtrack is extremely harsh sounding making it dificult to listen to.I'd recommend you seek out the widescreen version which has none of these problems.",
21755,__label__1,"Well-made film, but terrible DVD!: Rankin-Bass' The Last Unicorn has held up surprisingly well as a film, but the DVD treatment it's received is just insulting. With jittery grain, scratches, and dirt marring every scene, a dark and muddy look, out-of-focus transfer, scratchy audio, and insulting pan-and-scan (yes, there are scenes where two people are speaking and NOBODY's in the frame!), it's barely watchable. Add to that the complete lack of extras and you're better off buying this one on VHS.",
21756,__label__1,"Great Movie, Poor Quality Release: I remember seeing this movie at the Drive-In when I was a child. I used to have it on VHS until it was destroyed. I couldn't wait till it came out on DVD. However, once I got my copy I became rather disappointed with the quality. The colors look faded, It's Full-Screen only, It even seems to be slightly crooked and there are distortions at the very top of the screen..... What a horrible way to release such a classic.",
21757,__label__2,"The Last Unicorn: I used to watch this movie all the time when i was little. It is a great movie about a unicorn that discovers that she is the last one. She goes on a journey to find the others. There is a king that keeps all the other unicorns in the sea so he can watch them whenever he likes and the unicorn has to face the red bull that keeps the unicorns in the sea. The unicorn gets turned into a human by her magician friend and she forgets who she is, and falls in love with the prince. It is a great movie and little girls love to watch it.",
21758,__label__2,Your Childhood Dreams Come TRUE!!: I've always loved unicorns and from the moment I first watched this movie when I was 6 I was hooked. It was the vision of all my dreams coming true the magical unicorn!! The movie is brillant and magical. A true treasure! The characters and settings are a true fairyland. Every child's dream come true on the screen. A must see!!,
21759,__label__2,"It's Just The Best: When I was little, this is the first movie I remember seeing. Again and again. Every time I saw it, I would laugh, cry, and swear that someday I would own a copy. I finally do, and it has not changed. I have every line memorized, every song (and they are wonderful, to whoever wrote that top review), every little nuance . . . it is so much a part of me that I cannot imagine what I would be like if I had never seen it. Different, and probably worse. Believe it or not, this wonderful child's tale of magick and monsters and True Love does have a moral and lessons. If you have children and haven't shown them The Last Unicorn yet, be sure to soon. It's too good to pass up!",
21760,__label__2,"I love this movie!: This is such a fantastic animated film. I've loved it since childhood, however, i would love to see a new DVD version of this film. Video is a dead format, and I hope to see this classic brought to life in the dvd world.",
21761,__label__1,"Horrible quality. Believe it.: Well, unlike the people that read the reviews about ""horrible quality"" and bought it anyways, I'm here because of the horrible quality lol. I got this DVD in through netflix and it did indeed look awful. However, the DVD was quite scratched so I thought maybe... just maybe... because it was such consistent scratching over the whole DVD, it was just that and I'd get a newer copy. So, here I am after a google search for ""last unicorn"" AND ""poor quality"" AND DVD. So, apparantly it just does suck that bad lol. Oh well.Anyways, believe it. I thought I was watching a worn out VHS copy of the film. Poor indeed. A crying shame :(",
21762,__label__1,"WONDERFUL MOVIE BUT HORRIBLE DVD RELEASE!!!: I have been waiting for a region 1 dvd for a long time and I couldnt wait to watch this wonderful film on my widescreen HDTV, only to find out this has been released fullscreen, so I decided to rent this movie instead of buying. Not only is this movie fullscreen but it looks like a bad VHS transfer. unexcusable! This dvd should have never been released like this. ...",
21763,__label__2,"Last but not Least: Since childhood I have enjoyed most animated movies. I saw this one as a man in my late twenties and I thought it a joy. Several years ago I showed it to my mothers godsons and they loved it as well. It helped them to appreciate good animated movies. The voices of the characters are great. Many you should recognize. Anyone that likes animated stories and anime movies will probably enjoy this movie. Fans of movies like ""Legend"", ""Labrynth"" and ""Dark Crystal"" should enjoy it. I have had the video for about twenty years so I am looking forward to getting the DVD.",
21764,__label__2,"Words cannot express: This is a beautiful, moving story that captures our desire to keep magic in the world even as we outgrow it. As a child this story moved me to tears, and as an adult it still does. Magic, adventure, imagination, romance, deep internal struggles to find oneself--it has it all. Those who liked the movie might also want to encourage their children to read the book written by Peter S. Beagle. The movie parallels it beautifully. Music is performed by the group America, and the poetry of the words is just beautiful! Kudos to Mia Farrow for bringing this beautiful unicorn to life.",
21765,__label__2,"Magical, spiritual, spellbinding, love unconquered.: This movie is absolutely the ""BEST"" NON-DISNEY films I've seen since I was a little girl. It has captivated my imagination and my love for unicorns. As much I love Disney, I believe Disney may learn a lot from this animated classic for the animation is superb and way ahead of it's time. The animation of this film is Japanese Anime no doubt, because if you look closely at the character's eyes they're emphasized. I give the studio the credit they trully deserve! 4 Thumbs up! A must see for the animator wanna-be within. You can't afford to miss seeing this film or your childhood would be incomplete without it. Older children intended of course.",
21766,__label__2,"Greatest Cartoon Ever: ""The Last Unicorn"" is so wonderful! I am actually watching it this second. The animation is so beatiful. Although I am fourteen years old, I have always loved this movie. It has and will be my favorite animated movie for all time.",
21767,__label__1,"HORRIBLE PICTURE QUALITY: This DVD has the worst picture quality of any DVD I have ever seen. It looks like VHS, in fact it appears to be a transfer directly from VHS. The sound is decent but it's hard for me to get past the terrible picture quality but my daughter seemed to like it anyway.",
21768,__label__2,"A great movie, but for the older kids: The Last Unicorn is an excellent movie. I watched it when I was about 5 or 6 years old, and it scared the crud out of me. Eventually, I grew to love it in a frightening way. The menagerie of animals, the Red Bull, and the old guy in the castle (sorry, I forget his name!) was enough to creep any kid under the age of 10 out. I definitely recommend this movie to kids 11+ because it sends the imagination soaring and takes you back to fantasy land. Plus, for it's time, the cartoon effects are very good. The flaming Red Bull, amongst other characters, makes you believe.",
21769,__label__2,"Animations and Fantasy classic: I loved this movie as a child, and still love it today. It is perfect for adults and children...excellent story and unique animation that transcends its time. Now if only they'd release it on DVD!!!",
21770,__label__1,"Love the movie, hate this cut of it.: I can see I am not alone in my dislike of this DVD. As mentioned, this edition only comes in fullscreen, which I find annoying. The worst part has to due with the almost complete lack of cleaning the film; it looks like it was copied from the VHS.The sound was also sub-par, and obviously not mixed well. Considering I only paid nine bucks for it, I consider it a worthwhile purchase... My VHS is so worn that about half the movie is unwatchable. There are a couple of problems with the audio warping that was also not fixed in this edition.If you're like me (in the sense that you have a VHS in poor condition) and simply want a watchable version of this movie, then this cut shouldn't give you any problems. If you're a die-hard fan and want a bit more, go for the special edition. I hear good things, but have not seen it myself as of yet.",
21771,__label__2,"80's Animation Fan: I grew up with this movie, and I absolutely love it. It is very fantasy based, and NOT girly in my opinion. I bought the movie to show my Husband and although he's typically open minded, he was opening complaining about NOT wanting to see it. He ultimately humored me, and we watched it, and I remembered all the awesome imagery and the interesting story.When it was over he said h liked it, but it was more of a ""meh"" reaction. As for me, I suppose I am still a fan because I have such fond memories of it from when I was a kid, so buy it for your kids! You may find your self loving it to. HEY! Here's a thought, did the company ""Red Bull"" get their name from this movie? Think about it. ;)",
21772,__label__2,A all time classic our whole family loves.: This is a all time family classic with beautiful animation and music. The best part is the storyline. This is a move the whole family can enjoy and watch over and over again.,
21773,__label__2,"Beautiful: The presentation (picture and sound) are excellent. The edits mentioned are very annoying (and not edited out of the earlier DVD edition) but the widescreen presentation is much nicer to watch. The extra features are somewhat interesting but do not reveal anything very interesting about the movie itself (story-writing, making of, casting, etc.). Worth getting, but I am also keeping my earlier DVD for posterity.",
21774,__label__2,A Live action Release set for Dec. 04!!!: I have loved this movie since my mother first brougt it home form the video rental store (in the original cover) and rented it many times over. I about droped dead when I found out that they are making a live action movie set for relase this December production stared in Aug. 03!!!! ... This is a wonderful movie that IS a classic!,
21775,__label__1,"Kids will love it - parents will hate it: My three year old adores this movie. It does have a good plot and interesting characters, and there are some pretty funny scenes, so I can understand her feelings on that level. However... the soundtrack is DEPLORABLE. The music is mostly done by America, in their typical depressing, 70's-awful style. The lowlights are numbers sung by Jeff Bridges (who voices Lear) and Mia Farrow (who voices the unicorn). These two just can't sing. It's wonder they didn't die of shame when this movie was released. Worst of all, the songs have a tendancy to stick in your head until you wish you were dead - they're really that bad. In fact, my audiophile college-age nephew who lives with us refuses to stay in the house while my daughter is watching this movie. His ears just can't take it, I suppose. If you want to introduce your kids to this story, spare your ears and get Peter Beagle's classic book instead.",
21776,__label__2,Beautiful and a Treasure: This movie was a childhood favorite of mine! I loved the animation and story back then - even more today! The beauty and enchantment of it takes you into a wondrous and mythical world.This is a great buy and a wonderful memory to have and share with future generations. I can NOT wait to own it on dvd.Enjoy!,
21777,__label__2,"good movie bad singing: It a good movie, with a good plot. The characters were good and well drawn. the only problem was the singing, now the songs were good. But they got people who thought they could sing who couldn't. But other then that a good buy.",
21778,__label__1,this edition of the class is a complete DISAPPOINTMENT!!: Words can't even begin to explain how outraged I am with this VHS to DVD transfer.I use to watch the VHS version all the time as I kid and I loved it. Recently the DVD was purchased for me and I hated it..... And I'm curious to see if anyone else realized the change in ALL the characters voices?? I noticed it right away and it was absolutely disappointing. Even the music sounds off. I would rather buy the VHS version over again then waste my money on this DVD version...Please don't waste your money!!,
21779,__label__1,Amazing movie but a Horrible DVD: This is a horrible release of this classic!! Everything is horrible from the picture quality to the cover art.,
21780,__label__2,"An Unforgettable Timeless Classic!: I have seen this movie countless times since I was a little girl, and it has never ceased to amaze me. I have also read the book, and the movie follows it quite well. The music is spectacular, and sends chills down my spine every time I hear it. It is the story of a unicorn who is in search of the other unicorns, to find out what happened to them. Along the way she encounters both friends and enemies, and disguises herself as human to get past the Red Bull and free the other unicorns. it is an enchanting tale, one both children and adults are sure to fall in love with! I never get tired of it!",
21781,__label__2,"For six years i've been searching for it...: Ever sinse i watched The Last Unicorn in primary school, i've been searching EVERYWHERE to find it. There was an option for my class, to either visit a gladiator and get an autograph, or stay and watch this video called the last unicorn. I stayed, and i've never regretted it. There was only about 8 of us, and as soon as it started we were fasinated by it. I can only vagualy[can't spell] remember parts, but the rest of the class came in about 20 minutes before the end, and guess what? We weren't allowed to watch the rest. The bull completely hypnotised me! I love fantasy and scary things and the bull terrified me! I can remember a tower with a clock, and a red kind of airy bull along with cages and an eagle, but that's all.",
21782,__label__2,"continues to be beautiful....: The Last Unicron continues to be a beautiful and magical movie. Loved it as child, simply because I loved unicrons. Last week I toke the risk of buying the DVD after reading the other reviews of poor quality. I was not disapointed, keeping in mind that the movie is almost 20 years old and cinamatography then was not what it is today. Anyone who loves the story of The Last Unicorn will not be disappointed.",
21783,__label__1,"Very disappointing: I remember loving this movie. Now I reget buying it due to the extremely poor quality of the DVD. Aside from the grainy picture quality and poor sound and music, I am very angry that there was no mention that this was the FULL SCREEN version on Amazon. I will keep this in mind the next time I consider purchasing something through them.",
21784,__label__2,The Last Unicorn: Great quality DVD at a great price & it arrived before the expected due date. The plastic case (with original artwork) was in excellent condition altho it could have been cleaner around the opening mechanism. (A little alcohol & a q-tip took care of the problem). I would buy from this seller again.,
21785,__label__2,"A REVEIW: THE LAST UNICORN: THE LAST UNICORN IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES,ITS GOT [PRETTY] GOOD CASTING,AND I LIKED [MOST OF] THE SONGS BUT IN THE SONG ""NOW THAT IM A WOMAN"" MIA FARROW [THE VOICE OF THE UNICORN]HIT A COUPLE BAD NOTES, BUT OTHER THEN THAT IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE SO I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERY ONE CHILDREN AND ADULTS ALIKE.",
21786,__label__1,"the songs are excruciating: this is a really annoying movie. my kids will be watching it in the next room and my husband and i will be in agony, having to hear the corny songs and contrived dialogue coming in through the open door. now, if my kids were rating this they would probably give it 5 stars, they love it. go figure.",
21787,__label__1,"Keep Your Memories: If you have pleasant memories of seeing this movie as a child, leave it that way. You will be sorely disappointed if you rent (let alone buy) this movie. Visually it is very beautiful and it looks like the same animators who did The Hobit. The story is okay and the acting is bearable, but the music is awful!!! This overextended depressing 80s music really ruins it. The best way to enjoy this film is on a poster.",
21788,__label__1,"last unicorn dvd: Just so you know, if you buy a german DVD of Last Unicorn and play it on an all region player and select the english track, you get bascially an error-free high quality video image with 5 channel sound. This is the next best thing to a new release.",
21789,__label__1,"Beware of Not Rated: I would not recommend this video for use in an elementary school classroom. Teachers should preview. Show, only, with parental notification. I found the use of the repeated profanity offensive and totally inappropriate for the young children I teach ( age 4, 5 & 6). I know many individuals assume a NR on a children's animated story, is equivalent to a G. Unfortunately, this is very misleading!",
21790,__label__2,"I Love the Last Unicorn!: Ever since I could remember, The Last Unicorn had lightened up my world into another. I first watched this movie around the age of 5. I still remember watching it in wonder and thinking how pretty the unicorn is. *Has always been thrilled about them* Now that i'm an adult, I still what the movie and highly recommend it to anyone who loves fastesies, drama, and romance.Watch it! I know you'll love it!",
21791,__label__1,"Widescreen edition available at Amazon UK: (...), you've heard from other reviewers, this is a sucky full frame edition that looks like was made from old VHS master. So save your money and watch your old tape. Or, you can purchase a region 2 edition of this movie from Amazon UK, which is in widescreen presentation. I bought mine a year ago and have enjoyed it numerous times. But you'll need an all-region DVD player for that. Look online for them. They don't cost much more than a regular R1 player.",
21792,__label__1,"Great movie, awful, censored release!: I've absolutely loved this movie since I was a kid. Watched it so often that I wore out our first VHS copy and we had to buy a second one decades ago.I finally bought the DVD version, excited to at last see it in widescreen, but was shocked when I put it in the DVD player! They went through and censored out all the ""curse words."" It's not as if this was particularly filthy language, just a few stray instances of ""damn"" and ""hell."" These words are heard everyday, even on daytime television--not exactly something you are going to be able to shield anyone from anyway.Knowing the film nearly word for word after all these years, I was horrified that they would put out such a sanitized version. Sickened, really.I'm holding out in the hopes that they will re-release it with the proper, unedited version. Until then, don't waste your money on this version.",
21793,__label__1,"Love the story, but the DVD looks *horrible*: This is possibly the worst DVD transfer of a movie I've seen since the orignal release of ""Hunt for Red October"". It's dark, solid colors exhibit shimmer, there's motion blur everywhere and it's *fuzzy*. The VHS version has higher picture quality! The sound is muddy and seems to be mono, though it claims to be 2.0 stereo.I loved this movie as a kid, and I'd recommend this DVD if it didn't look awful. If you can find it, get the German import version - it's region 2, meaning you'll have to have a region-free player, and all the menus are in German. However, it's been fully remastered - sound is 5.1 surround, video is clear and bright. And it's widescreen as well.",
21794,__label__1,"Great Movie, Poor Quality Release: I cannot believe this movie was released in such poor condition. it's fully screen only. The audio sounds like a cassette tape. The picture is dark and blurry. There is distortion along the top of the picture. There are no special features whatsoever. Such a tragedy that this great movie was treated like this.",
21795,__label__1,"Don't buy it here: Buy it from Conlan Press online for the same price. Or if you want to pay extra you can get a signed copy. Why? Because otherwise the writer of the film will get no proceeds, because the company that orignally made this film (Granada) has been refusing to pay him any royalties for the past 20+ years since the movie came out, and generally treating him horribly. Lionsgate, however, worked out a deal to let him sell some copies through Conlan Press online, so if you buy from there, he'll get a cut.",
21796,__label__2,"Still love it at 21: I first watched this movie around the age of 5, and it wasn't just once or twice, I watched it so often my mom eventually told me that we had lost the video, it was a very devastating day. For years little things would make it pop into my head so I finally decided to do something about it, I looked everywhere for this movie, I must have spent hours looking through those bins for it. Thanks to the internet my search is over. I can once again discover that little girl feeling that I felt every time I watched it, and I still know all the words to every song, but how could I forget the words to the songs that I sang 24-7 growing up. This is one of those movies that I'm sure my children will be able to fall in love as hard as I did, but I promise not to ""lose"" it on them.",
21797,__label__2,"A wondrous movie.: Though I can't quite figure out why, I loved the movie. The music was strange, poignant, even, and it gives you the feeling for the scene. The only flaw was when Amalthea sang; she should stick to speaking. And the story was wonderful, a thoughtful line that showed how life would sometimes go one way and you could not help but let it go that way. And the characters! The harpy's ""We are sisters"" and Amalthea's ""This body is dying!"" and all the lines and personalities and appearances . . . It's too much! Gotta go cry now.",
21798,__label__2,"The Last Unicorn?: Not many people have heard about this beautiful movie. With original songs by America and huge stars as voice actors, the movie is great and charming. The animation is that of Japanese creators but the story is understandable and beautiful. I love watching this at least every other month!",
21799,__label__2,"Magical!: This movie is as charming as it was the first time I saw it. The animation leaves a bit to be desired (it looks terribly similar to the animation in ""The Hobbit""), but thanks to the beauty of the story, I was quickly able to overlook the ""rustic"" animation. An enchanting tale of a unicorn, afraid she is the last in the world, on a quest to find more of her kind and set them free from King Haggard and the Red Bull. This captivating movie is enough to rekindle even the hardest cynic's childhood belief in magic.",
21800,__label__1,"Simply aweful: The storyline is well constructed, but the audio acting is terrible --- makes an adult cringe. For the musically challenged, the singing can be tolerable otherwise prepare for projectile vomiting. My younger children love the movie, but the older ones ""loathe"" (my 10-year-old daughter's word) it. I really wish they would redo this story with actors that have talent.",
21801,__label__2,"Beautfiul: I loved this movie when I was a kid, and used to press 'pause' on the screen so I could drawn the Unicorn :) I think it has been re-mastered wonderfully, and I am glad it's on DVD now. Honestly, it's a MUST have for your collection ;)",
21802,__label__1,The Last Unicorn: This incredible movie deserves so much better. I don't think the people that are releasing the movie understand the devotion of the fans. I've bought the pirated version and it's better than this crap. Artisan. Please step up and give this movie the treatment it needs. Americans have only been waiting years for the release. The audio is unbearably bad as well. It must be a VHS copy.,
21803,__label__2,"The loveliest story, movie, book ever...: I happened to bump into a site with the Last Unicorn today. It immediately brought back memories of my not too distant childhood (I'm 17 now), and how much I treasured this movie...how I watch it over and over, sobbing through, and loving the ending. Despite its age, it remains my favorite animated movie to this day...somehow, this movie seems more ""real"" than any other animation I've seen.I wasn't aware there was a book until now, and I will rush to get a copy of it ASAP!""That cannot be. Why would I be the last? What do men know? Because men have not seen unicorns for a while does not mean we have all vanished. We do not vanish. There has never been a time without unicorns. We live forever. We're as old as the sky, old as the moon...""",
21804,__label__2,"An amazing journey into artist development: Down Thunder Road is presented on the back cover as somehow contreversial and anti-Springsteen. Well, as a Springsteen fan, I did not found this book outrageous at all, but on the contrary fascinating. It is an amazing journey in the development of a new artist that will eventually become a popular music icon. Down Thunder Road is not only the recount of an adventure, it is also a music business case, full with a copy of the contracts, record company memos and court orders. Fascinating !",
21805,__label__1,"worthless junk: Read the Library Journal review above. They've got it right. This is junk, pure and simple - a hack job designed to let Mike Appel, one of the vilest men in the music business, whine about Bruce. There is no substance here, no real thought, certainly no real biography. I wish I could give it zero stars - even that is more than it deserves.",
21806,__label__2,Classic blues from Muddy Waters' guitar ace: If you like blues guitar at its best then this is the album for you. Rogers was Muddy Waters' axe man. Muddy actually plays on these songs. My favorite is Going Away Baby. You may have heard Eric Clapton play it on the From the Cradle album. This is the original and it's the best. There aren't any weak spots on the record. Every song will keep you listening. A must have for any aficianado of the blues.,
21807,__label__2,"Stunning: Buy this one, ""A present for the future"" and ""Live!"" These are the best albums from Frank's catalogue. The freshness and creativity of these albums are uncommon and really exeptional. The music of BNG is light and entertaining and could easily be appreciated by the Jazz neophit. But don't consider this an easy listening album. It is challenging and adventurous, simply Frank could make the most difficult progressions sound very easy and acceptable. His playing here is absolutly marvellous. I treasure this disc because of the enjoyment it gave me from the day I bought it (more or less 15 years ago) since today. I can't get enough of these three albums. With these three Frank definitly entered on my map firmly!!",
21808,__label__1,"Eats batteries and min. to start: I owned this CD-player for 2 days and then returned it. I'm sure mine must have been a lemon, cause they can all be this bad. It took anywhere from 1 to 5 min. before it would play the first song, then after about 8 songs, the batteries went dead. So I put in a new pair, and again 8 to 12 songs later - dead batteries.., it also wouldn't play all the songs on the cd.Even the sound quality was poor!",
21809,__label__1,"Worst CD-MP3 player i've seen!!: D-Link should stick to networking products...the moment i put batteries on this mp3 player, i knew something was really wrong with it...sound quality was horrible, battery life was horrible, skipped all the time, even when i pressed any button, it would reset itself all the time...i give it 1 star because i can't give it any less...DO NOT BUY THIS!!!...i returend it the next day and bought a RIO CD-MP3 player...MUCH MUCH BETTER!!!!!",
21810,__label__1,"Blah!: Me and this MP3 player never seemed to hit it off. It skips everywhere--even in the car--so the music I'm listening to gets interupted left and right. The battery life is horrific, the sound quality is ok, but man, what's the point if you can't walk around with your portable player if it skips? I wouldn't recommend this if you like to actually move around.",
21811,__label__1,"Run, Run like the wind from DLink: This company's customer service is the worst. I bought an MP3 player from them in June of 2002. I've had to send it back to them twice in 11 months for replacement and/or repairs. The last time it was ""fixed"", it came back in worse shape than when it left.Attempts to resolve this matter have been frustrating. Phone calls are not returned, tech support seems less than concerned with customer concerns. Proceed at your own risk. Maybe you should look at a nice Panasonic or Sony..",
21812,__label__1,"great player for about 9 months....: I was very satisfied with the product in the beginning. I could burn my collection to about 4 CD's, and then I could go wherever I wanted, and be able to call up any song I wanted. I was especially impressed with the T-Digit function...That was 9 months ago. Things have since grown progressively worse. Now, I find that it doesn't play MP3 CD's anymore...It only plays Audio CD's now. I tried to contact the D-Link support people, and got a prompt, but unfruitful response. They told me to return it to them, and to do so by contacting the RMA department...so i cantacted the RMA department, and recieved no response...It's been over a week, and still no response! So much for customer satisfaction...If they had created a descent product, I wouldn't be dissatisfied, and I would be writing this review with a seriously different tone...",
21813,__label__1,"One of the worst products I have ever owned!: Not only does D-Link make cheap generic imitations of real network products, but now this. Worst of all they are still in business. The earphones are extremely uncomfortable and it chewed up a 5 dollar pack of Duracell Ultras in less than 1.5 hours and it skips! Welp, you get what you pay for! Thank goodness for my Sony MZR-90 Minidisc with 35 hours of playback and sounds better too!",
21814,__label__1,"NOdisc: I used it for two weeks. but now, i don't know why, I put in a disc (Audio CD or mp3 CD) and the LCD screen shows ""NoDisc"".",
21815,__label__1,"This is junk: I also bought one of these ... It is cheaply made and gotexactly 1-hour of play on a fresh set of batteries. When I calledD-Link for an explanation, there answer was ""Yeah, that's aboutwhat you'll get"". No wonder it is so deeply discounted, they'retrying to pass off their mistake on you! I took it back after severaldisappointing days.",
21816,__label__2,"Excellent book: I had to read this book for an Italian history class and it was excellent. The book deals with different concepts, but is primarily related to the role of religion in fascist Italy. We follow the path of Pietro Spina and his persona as a priest, and we see how those regard him act and feel.I highly recommend this book!",
21817,__label__2,"Too Late For Tears: A splendid movie. Thrilling with a bottom lover story that still happens today.Great Movie, Enjoy it for yourself too!",
21818,__label__1,"excellent movie..horrible quality: does anyone know which vender offers the ""best"" copy of this Lizabeth Scott Fem-Fattell movie? It's a great movie as I'm a noir buff who has stuff on Beta, VHS, and DVD... parts are(scenes) are missing so is dialogue....The video quality is abysmal.... HELPPP please!!!!!",
21819,__label__1,"Fantastic Film Noir - Horrible Release: I am not going to write about the movie itself. It's a film noir classic. What I would like to comment on is this absolutely shameful DVD release by Image. They have used one of the worst public domain copies, without a hint of restoration and charge over $20 for this. It's a robbery! The only redeaming quality of this release are great but short documentaries by Eddie Muleer. The best print of Too Late for Tears (aka. Killer Bait) that I have seen so far is included in the terrific 5 Film Noir Killer Classics 6-DVD set (where one entire DVD is entirely devoted to great special features) and it costs less than this turkey.",
21820,__label__1,"I think i'll pass........: For the price, Image should have put out a better quality print than what was used in this disc. You can see this same print on a dvd called ""Film Noir Triple Feature Vol. 1"". This film has an alternate title of ""KILLER BAIT"" which is available as a better quality print in a 6 disc set called ""5 Film Noir Killer Classics"". I'm so glad that i was able to rent this disc through the mail FIRST. The movie is good as far as content goes. I think i'll pass on this transfer of it, though.",
21821,__label__1,"Good Film, Terrible DVD: Too Late For Tears is a decent film and for fans of Film Noir, it is a real kick. Lizabeth Scott leaves a trail of dead bodies, lies and deceit that is classic noir. She could have used better direction, but the film still holds up.That said, this new release from the Image ""Dark City"" collection is so technically awfull, it is an example of outright fraud. At this price, to release such a poor transfer with sound like this constitues ""Grand Theft Video"". No effort has been made to clean-up any part of the film. You might expect this from a $2.00 Garage Sale purchase, but not from a new release. It looks like a simple copy of the horrid Alpha release.If you like Film Noir, please join me in wrting Image Entertainment to let them know how offended you are by this flim-flam tactic. Enough Said.",
21822,__label__1,"not too late for tears: This is the worst quality DVD we have ever received and have already sent it back for a refund. It was obviously taped from TV with annoying cuts and missing footage. The overall quality was abysmal. We rent and buy lots of older films and this is the worst one we have EVER gotten. Whoever packaged this should be ashamed. In addition, the title was misspelled on the package (to instead of too). That should have been a tip off to the quality of the DVD.",
21823,__label__1,the movies was OKbut the copy was TERRIBLE: It looked like several generations from a scratched old film master. The worst copy of an older movie I have EVER seen -- and I'm pretty tolerant because I love old films that were produced much earlier than this (and were much better copies).,
21824,__label__2,Too late for tears: Scott plays a cool cucumber in this movie. She an excellent actress and i wish to see her in more movies. I remember a role she played but can't remember the movie.,
21825,__label__1,"Fabulous Lizabeth Scott Noir Ruined By Horrid Transfer: This is an excellent film noir, with the classic cold-as-ice femme fatale played by the fantastic Lizabeth Scott. Too bad the transfer is horrid - key dialogue fades in and out, skips like a bad record, and over-contrasted picture settings that leave little, if anything, to be seen in the important opening sequences. One plus about this release is the knowledgable special features on Dangerous Dan and Lizabeth....these are great! Too bad such a fine film has such a muddy (as-in-I-filmed-it-from-a-drive-in-in-the-backseat-on-my-mobile-phone) quality to it. A real disappointment.",
21826,__label__1,"Crappy release from Alpha again: From these reviews it is apparent that Alpha does not care aboutputting out quality DVDs.The worst I have ever seen was ""The Hitch Hiker"" and this one is not any better.What a waste of a great movie....I will wait until someone puts out aquality version of it !!",
21827,__label__2,How does one rate this properly?: A great film noir with superb performances by noir icons Scott and Duryea is hopelessly mangled in a really bad dvd transfer. The film is 5 star but the transfer is just terrible................recommended with obvious reservations.,
21828,__label__1,"nothing is what it seems to be: The product does not worth the price,and the texture of it is too thick.It's definitly not a day cream because the way it looks on your face, unless you don't mind going out there looking all green;and is unconfourtable to sleep with because it's also sticky.I'm sorry but that's how it is.",
21829,__label__1,terrible: I'm totally disappointed. I trusted the review on this product. This is like a candle. It's not watery and different from other products in a weired way...i feel like putting a paraffin on my skin.,
21830,__label__2,Man U out your Mind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: This has some honeys in it. BIG HUGE TA TA CHI CHI's GET DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET FUNKY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPANK YO MONKEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,
21831,__label__1,"Ugly Latina Girls Flashing saggy mammals: when you advertise a DVD as ""Latina Girls Going Crazy"" I expecta marathon of gorgeous, exotic looking latina girls getting nakedat a club in the street in a motel at a spring break resort etcThis piece of garbage is half hour of either ugly or fat girls showing their either saggy or flat chested tops, again none ofthem are doing nothing crazy except just flashing their tops& the rest of the half hour is about 2 gilrs in a motel room just kissing & touching each other, neither one gets nakeddont say u weren't warned. I pay $5.00 for this crap & its still too expensive",
21832,__label__2,"Loud: This CD has essential songs in it, but of course there were several that were left off. ""Hitstory"" is still the recommended compilation. Actually ""24 Karat HIts,"" but that CD is very rare and out of print. The first disc has only 20 songs and clocks in at less than an hour! It is also loud, so it does not seem natural, but this is DSD remastered by Vic Anesini and special thanks to Kevan Budd. I think they used their own remasters from their previous discs, combined them for this release, and tweaked the volume so they match. It's still a recommended purchase for completists.",
21833,__label__2,"Get the 3.0 limited edition: I looked all over for a CD set that would have darn near every hit of Elvis', and this seems to be it (better than the ""official"" ""Elvis #1 Hits"", as that one for some reason doesn't have ""Viva Las Vegas"" (!?)).But, get the 3.0 edition of this (golden cover, eco-friendly cardboard packaging), because that has a third disc with ""Let Me Be Your Teddy Bear"", among others.",
21834,__label__1,"Someone Is Gettin Rich Here: When I saw this on the shelf at Wal-Mart, I thought...""Here we go again...another greatest hits collection."" All of these songs have been released time and time again in various other collections. A few years ago when Elv1s 30 #1 Hits came out, I bought it. A few years later 2nd to None came out and I bought that. HOWEVER, HitStory arrived, I was shocked to see it being nothing more than the previous 2 collections sold with a new CD. Why would I spend money on CDs I already have? This is not to say that the King's music is not important...IT IS THE BEST. But why spend money on something you already own?",
21835,__label__1,"Skips: Bought this CD...enjoyed it about 3 weeks, then it started skipping...returned for a exchange and the second one did the same thing....",
21836,__label__2,the complete king: wonderful compilation of elvis' work from the early to final years.note the advances in recording technology over his career.,
21837,__label__1,"Never try to replace one piece!: I really liked the looks of the Farberware Millenium series. I even bought both sets. My wife let our 3qt sauce pan boil dry and the aluminum melted out between the stainless and copper bottom. I thought no big deal; we will just purchase the individual pan to replace it. Farberware won't do this and unfortunately you have to buy the whole set. I even shipped it to them to see if they would replace it under warranty or in good faith. I had no such luck, they shipped it right back. I will never buy anything Farberware again!",
21838,__label__1,Piece - O - Crap: This battery doesn't hold charge for anything. Even my four year old battery that I got with the cell phone STILL holds a charge better than this Piece - O - Crap,
21839,__label__2,Silver Sword: Thank you for the service. It is the first time I have bought anything on the internet. The order arrived before the date it was estimated and arrived in good order. I will consider using this service again when I next make a purchase. Thank you again!,
21840,__label__2,The Silver Sword: I had this book read to me by my teacher in primary school and read it again recently as an adult. It is one of those books that has an impact at any time in your life. It is so well written and has such an engaging story that you are engrossed the whole way through. Simply superb.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.,
21841,__label__2,"One of the most exciting books!: When I heard that my teacher would read a wartime adventorous book I wanted to know what it was like.I listened to it being read and it was terriffic!It's most interesting when a lot of problems are going on such as: the loss of their house,the splitting-up of thier family and the reunion of the family.The most wonderous parts are the solving of the problems.I say the book should get five stars indeed!I reccommend it to children and adults and I should think they will enjoy it.",
21842,__label__2,"the silver sword by linda: When i first heard the silver sword was a war book,i thoughtit wouldn`t be so good but it is.It`s about a girl called Ruthand her brother Edek , her sister Bronia and a boy called Jantrying to find there mum and dad in Swizerland.Ian serrailleris a good author he has good ideas and a wonderful imagination.He describes words exelently although he sometimes does boringsentences.The silver sword can have some good parts and somebad parts but theres some bad parts like when they where in theriver and they were going down stream it got dull and boringbut it got more exiting.I would recommed this book to 9-12 children because i know they would like it.",
21843,__label__2,An excellent story of children who use their wits to survive: In 1963 my 6th grade teacher read a chapter from this book to our class every day. We were completely engrossed in the story of these children and the sad adventure that they were forced to take in a world gone mad. Their childhood was lost at an early age but they managed to use their good sense and family loyalty to survive. I have recommended this book to other children who have also come to love it. I am happy to see it become available again after being out of print so long.,
21844,__label__1,silver sword: I HAVE JUST READ THE SILVERSWORD BY IAN ASTRAILIA PUBLISHED BY GOOGLE I LIKED IT BECAUSE THE MONKEY WAS SMOKING AND MY LEAST FAVOURITE PART WAS WHEN THEY WAS ON THE ROAD THE BOOK GOT PRETY BOARING AT THE END BECAUSE THE NOT A LOT OF PEOPLE WERE KILLED IT WAS GOOD AT THE AT,
21845,__label__1,"It was a touch light hearted: This book was good apart from the fact that it skimmed over the surface of the storie too much, there were also too many coinsidences that happened in it.",
21846,__label__1,"Fareed rules, but this selection is poor.: The 1 star is for the poor selection.I am a big fan of Fareed Alatrash and have every song he has on cassettee or cd. I can categorically state thatthis cd is an awful selection that is totally unrepresentative of Fareed. Keep in mind that one cd can't possibly do justice to a genious with his depth and breadth. The selection probably has more to do with what EMI could get publishing rights for than anything else. With that said, tracks 1 and 5 are better than the other three. An excellent variety is available from specialized websites like maqam dot com (maqam.com) where I got all my cd's. There are also dedicated farid-el-atrache websites.",
21847,__label__1,"Let down: I bought this model last month; was excited about the ""triple sensor"" features. It is a let down! It's basically good for just telling time.The compass settings were off; had to be recalibrated manually.The barometer readings don't help much in predicting the weather... The manual go back and forth on its usefulness.The altimeter readings are useless; they have to be recalibrated every time you change altitudes significantly.The thermometer is accurate -- but only if aren't wearing the watch for 30 minutes!The countdown timer goes up only to 60 minutes.The backlight doesn't have the ""stay on"" feature that Timex indiglo watches have. So, when you are trying to make settings to the watch in the dark, you are constantly interrupted by the fact the the light goes off after 2.5 seconds. Timex watches are smart enough to keep the light on if you are pressing other buttons.",
21848,__label__1,"Pales in comparison to ""Born Free"": This is the quite dreadful sequel to ""Born Free."" It is intended for viewing by children, but even young ones will be bored with the extremely slow pace of this feature-length film. Were it shortened by two-thirds to about 30 minutes, it would be reasonably entertaining for younger kids. The acting is cheesy and very dated, and the plot plods along very slowly. There's nothing inherently wrong with the story, and the videography of the lions is quite charming, but it is presented so badly in this film that I would not waste a penny on it. Fortunately, I obtained my copy from the local library.",
21849,__label__2,very excellent: I like watched this movie. It was very good movie & sad that made me cry. Suggest to sell it for lower price. Thanks.,
21850,__label__1,Born Free Sequel: This movie is a sequal to Born Free however this movie is not as good as the original. Elsa the lion and her cubs are beautiful creatures who should be left alone so they can stay free.,
21851,__label__2,"Review of Living Free: The movie was of top quality. I had seen the movie before, but I really enjoyed seeing it again and enjoying it with a young friend. The movie came really quickly in the mail. This was an excellent transaction.",
21852,__label__1,"Great for the BIG picture, not so much detailed.: We bought this map thinking it would help us navigate around town (Cusco) and Machu Picchu, since it is pictured on the cover. Not so much. It seems ok for long distance stuff and maybe if you are driving on your own, not so much for walking. For our needs, it was almost worthless.",
21853,__label__1,"Java: The True Story of a Shelter Dog Who Rescued a Woman: FUN to read and some sage wisdom, but really a pitch for Tellington TTouch method of training a dog. A sweet story but shoul have been 150 pages instead of 231, cut out all the fluff/filler. If it had concentrated on the main GREAT character, JAVA now that would have been a five star rating!",
21854,__label__2,"I loved this book!: It was such a pleasure to read of the evolving relationships of Stacy & Java, their growth together and their experiences of life. They are both very conscious and courageous beings and this book is filled with wisdom. I wasn't expecting the depth that I found here. A valuable read whether you're an animal lover or not. Very fun. Very touching. Thank you, Stacy.",
21855,__label__2,JAVA The True Story: This story is the creative well written tale of the inspirational journey of a kind and brave woman and her troubled dog. Stacy discovers that Java has issues that make her life less than comfortable and takes the time and trouble to learn how to help her deal with them. Stacy has guided me in learning to help my own dog become more comfortable. Her gentle personality and sense of humor clearly come through in her writing. Anyone who adores their own pet and wants them to have the best life possible will be inspired by this story.,
21856,__label__1,"Instructions?: I wrote all of this in the ""packaging question"" but it should have been here I suppose. I need instructions. I ordered a mop from Quickie Mfg because I had a quickie mop for 5 or more years and loved it. Unfortunately, it rusted and broke. The mop I had could be rung out by pulling it through a circular ringer. This new mop looks like it should be able to do something like that, but I haven't figured out how. I'm not very technically astute. Now, I can only use it by hand ringing it or just plopping a bunch of water on the floor. Does it have a ringer mechanism and how does it work? If you read this, please answer me at pj654321@aol.com.",
21857,__label__2,Great CD: This is a great CD for children. I keep it in my car for my 2 grandchildren ages 2 and 5. They both love it. I even sing along!,
21858,__label__2,"I would buy this for my nieces..: The track listing on here is fairly good, with Steve Vai, James Brown, and many other popular performers (hopefully after hearing these musicians, my nieces will begin to find less worthy children's ""music"" such as Kidz Bop as musically tedious and unsatisfying as the rest of my family does, and I admit that, even as a 27 year old woman I have recently found myself tuning into Radio Disney (to become familiar with and ""hip to"" what my nieces like and listen and actually enjoying much of what I hear. Much of what is on this CD and channel appeals to adults and children alike, making them so much better than so much other ""family"" music. I recommend this to anyone who has kids in their lives, as this music remains totally appropriate, but is not watered-down ""kiddie"" music that talks down musically to your kids.",
21859,__label__2,this is the best radio disney cd out: in my opinion this is the best cd radio disney put out. there are a few songs that i could do without but the majority of them are great. the kids love it and the parents enjoy it also. nice up beat songs that will get you and the kids moving! ENJOY!,
21860,__label__1,"HANSON jams on Radio Disney Kid Jams: I purchased Radio Disney Kid Jams only because Hanson's song River is on it!! I only gave it one star because there's only 1 Hanson song on it and there should be more! Maybe you think I'm being unfair, maybe you think that I'm a diehard fan, well, 1. I'm not being unfair because Hanson is the best band in the world and 2. I AM a diehard fan!! YEAH! Okay, BYE!",
21861,__label__2,"Balanced, a bit dry but easy to understand...: ""A recently released University of Minnesota studyestimates that, for example, 93 percent of felons of all races favored Bill Clinton in 1996""Uh--New York reader-reviewer..is this because they like to vote for one of their own?I enjoyed this book and felt it showed both sides of the battle. The liberals will always think they had the election stolen from them and the conservatives will always feel the right man won.I would LOVE to see a book written that discusses ALL the goings-on that happened with the elections, past and 2000. The vote-buying in Chicago, the Haitians being helped to vote a straight Dem ticket, the exchange of votes for liquor or cigarettes.But this book answered a lot of my questions and I will recommend it to others.",
21862,__label__2,REQUIRED READING FOR EVERY AMERICAN OVER AGE 18: Historians will use this book as the chief reference book in documenting the death of democracy. The example after example of immoral and illegal actions that occurred in the 2000 Presidential election should be the rallying cry for reform of the election process for decades to come.,
21863,__label__1,The above review is not a review: What garbage! If you are going to have customer reviews such as the one posted above then make sure that is what they are instead of allowing biased political statements.,
21864,__label__1,"A couple wildlife exploiters.: This is a true story? I'll call this couple out as a couple of selfish, reckless, wanton wildlife exploiters. You hunt down and kill the parents, thumbs up there you idiots. Then your a genius for figuring out what milk will help them stay alive? You enjoy them when they are cubs and then when they get to large you ship them of to a zoo for profit.. Two LOSERS!",
21865,__label__2,Fantastic!: My 7 year old daughters absolutely loved this movie! A great Sunday afternoon movie to watch with the kids. Beats a regular cartoon any day.,
21866,__label__2,A real tear jerker: Great true story. I remember this movie from when i was a kid. I watched it with my children. A bit graffic in spots but with animals in the wild i guess that it is hard to avoid.,
21867,__label__2,Package arrived on time as described: This video was as described and arrived on schedule. The movie itself was interesting and fun to watch. My daughter and I are reading the book together and it was fun to see the video to supplement our reading experience.,
21868,__label__1,Kids and family? Far from it.: This was under the children and family category. It was fine until a couple minutes in when a woman gets savagely killed by a lion. Far from appropriate for my child.,
21869,__label__2,Old Favorite: I saw this movie when I was a child and just fell in love with Elsa the lion. When I found it was on DVD I had to purchase it. It is a classic and if you love animals you will love this movie.,
21870,__label__2,"Elsa the lion in ""Born Free."": I had watched this movie a lot when I first saw it. I fell in love with it. I thought Elsa was so cute! She is a very cute baby cub, at least when she was a cub.Let me tell you a little about it:The cub was first found when George Adamson, which is Bill Travers, goes on a hunting trip. He finds three lion cubs and takes them home for his wife Joy Adamson, which is Virginia Mckenna. They name the cubs Big One, Lastica, and Elsa. They had to sell two cubs, and Elsa gets kept.About two years later, Elsa shows an interest in going off on her own. The Adamsons train her how to hunt and get along with other lions. A year later, she has three cubs of her own, and she lives happily for ever.I loved lions ever since I watched this movie, and I hope you would enjoy this movie too.",
21871,__label__2,"Terrific family movie: I have two young boys and they both enjoyed this movie, and want to watch it again--always a good endorsement. The animals are adorable, and you also get a true lesson about wildlife and what it takes to survive. Only one truly scary scene at the beginning was tolerated by the youngest--it was not as graphic as it could have been. It is truly a cute, funny and instructional film.",
21872,__label__2,"A VERY POWERFUL STORY AND FILM: I used to watch this movie all the time when I was little and love it. It has remained one of my favorite movies through out my life and always well be. It is a very powerful true story, the acting is excellent and it has a lot of emotion. It is a film that I recommend highly. A very beautiful story that will cause to fall in love with Elsa, the lioness. Definitely a film to see.",
21873,__label__2,"The video is great-excellently made.: It shows the beauty and wildlife of African bush,shows the deep love that the Adamsons had for Elsa.The end was lovely too. A touching story made into a lovely video.",
21874,__label__2,"Simply awesome.: Just recently received this item and I am overly pleased. Works great, got in my car today and it was actually cool. It's simple to roll up and just throw in the backseat and fits perfectly in the windshield. It's also very stirdy.",
21875,__label__2,"2008 Scion tC: This product is a perfect fit. Really stiff at first, but it does break in. I'm planning on buying another one.",
21876,__label__1,Not Bad: The product is not bad and does the job. But for the price its not really worth it. Its very bulky in size and hard to put up and then put away.,
21877,__label__2,"An excellent choice for fans of Matsuo Basho and/or haiku: Lesley Downer retraces Matsuo Basho's famed 17th century journey to unknown northern Japan documented in his book ""On the Narrow Road to the Deep North."" Ms. Downer rediscovers a ""lost"" Japan. The journey and the writing are well worth the effort.",
21878,__label__1,Don't know what all the good reviews are about: This book was required for my university-level elementary japanese class. I really disliked it. I found it extremely unclear. The explanations for grammar were minimal and not nearly as extensive as they should have been for an english speaker trying to learn a language as unfamiliar as japanese. The book isn't engaging at all and actually made me lose my excitement for the language. It makes Japanese more of a struggle than it actually is. Don't but it if you don't have to.,
21879,__label__1,"WARNING-Only if you already know the writen language: The book reviews don't tell you, or at least don't make it clear, so I will. I am fairly new to Japanese and know nothing of the writen language and that is what this book is for. If you can not read Japanese this book will do you no good, and I'm not talking about the romanized version, that I can read, I'm talking the Japanese alphabet and kanji. Other than that I can make no review, I think it should just be made clear what this book offers and it offers almost no English readable Japanese.",
21880,__label__2,"Best Japanese Learning Book on the Market: The most comprehensive book available. It teaches you to read Japanese script, a cruial step no other book incorporates well. Two drawbacks: the occasional inclusion of new vocabulary without explanation, and the unavailability of the accompanying tapes. Fair warning, though -- it is a rigorous course, and one best done with a tutor -- and a classmate.",
21881,__label__2,"Truly exceptional: A truly exceptional introduction to the Japanese language. The clear, straightforward explanations, useful example sentences for each grammatical structure, and varied excercises (with answer keys in the back so individuals studying on their own can check their work) make this an enjoyable and effective text. I would highly recommend it to those just starting out as well as to more experienced students who are looking to thoroughly review the fundamentals of the language.",
21882,__label__2,"A nice package!: Postcards From The Edge is a wonderful, edgy comedy with a tightly written script, wonderful lead performances, and it is littered with cameos and small roles that give a industry-insider feel without detracting from the story. If you love State & Main...you need to watch this as well.",
21883,__label__2,Entertaining and bittersweet; actors are pros!: This is a great story based on Carrie Fisher and her mother and their relationship. Of course Shirley MacLaine is exceptional as always but Meryl Streep surprised me with her talent for singing (this was long before Prairie Home Companion!) Really entertaining.,
21884,__label__2,"What a riot!: Hilarious! Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine are right on the mark with this sharp and clever story by Carrie Fisher. Both hand in performances that are close to comic perfection. With a star-studded supporting cast, a story we can somehow all relate too despite its Hollywood overtones and low-key hysterics throughout, this is a DVD you'll want for your collection.",
21885,__label__2,"Sassy, funny and smart!: This is Meryl at her funny best. What more can you say when the screenplay is based on the best selling book by Carrie Fisher! And Carrie wrote the screenplay too! Ms. Fisher is well known in Hollywood as THE person to call if your script needs ""pumping up"". She calls herself a ""Script Nurse""!! Too funny! And yes, she is very well paid for her services! By the way, Annette Benning got her big break in this film! She played the actress playing the hooker on the movie set. She only had a few lines, but everyone said ""WHO WAS THAT?""!!. Hollywood took notice..the rest is history! Shirley M.'s caracter IS the fading Hollywood star. She is so full of life..and herself!! Anyway, this is an excellent, entertaining movie. A Mike Nichols directed film, so you can bet it's top notch!!!",
21886,__label__2,"Good film & still holds up: If you never read Carrie's 1987 book with the same name then you would not be spoiled by the film.The book was good & so is the film.A lot of names in the cast. Meryl & Shirley are great as Suzanne & Doris. Several of the cast are friends of Carrie's.COULD HAVE DONE WITHOUT QUAID. I am NOT a fan of his.Of course this is an older DVD. I would have thought they would have released it December 2008 when Carrie's book ""Wishful Drinking"" was released.Good to have the option of widescreen or not.I am HOWEVER, DISAPPOINTED IN THE EXTRAS. Only 1 of note is Carrie's commentary. No deleted scenes or mistakes.Ha ha Bonus trailers YOU GET TO SEE TRAILER FOR OTHER FILM NOT INTERESTEDTalent files on some of the cast-WAS NOT COMPLETE OR CURRENT.As I said, extras were a disappointment.But, you will not be disappointed in the film.",
21887,__label__1,"It was defected & I could not watch it.: I ordered several movies when i ordered this one, but apparantly this one was defected and i could not watch it.",
21888,__label__1,"Product Defected and Other Issues: First problem was that I was sent 2 copies and charged for both when I only ordered one. I decided to keep both only because I liked the movie and thought the second would make a great gift. I finally opened MY copy last night to watch it for the first time (it was ""factory sealed,"" mind you) and the DVD was totally screwed up: The lighting kept changing from bright to dark and in several spots the DVD just went totally black! What a waste of money! Wish I hadn't kept both copies now...That's a wasted $25 down our already anemic economic drain...I'm thinking twice about buying DVD's from Amazon again.",
21889,__label__2,"A Great Inside View Of Hollywood: This movie, along with her other collaberation with director Mike Nichols, ""Silkwood"", are Meryl Streep's two best movies in my opinion. Fully relatable characters, well acted, witty script, and a behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood, and its relationships that is very realistic. This film is very underrated, in my opinion. This film would make a great addition to anyone's collection, for those who like films of a certain standard.",
21890,__label__2,It is amazing how Meryl and Shirley can be so believable.: Very real story of Carrie Fisher and her relationship with her mother Debbie Reynolds. These two actresses make it incredibly believable.,
21891,__label__1,"dvd: the dvd was loose from the circle holder, it rattled around inside the case no way to put it back seeing as this was gift. not good",
21892,__label__2,"One of my all time favorite movies: Entertaining from start to finish. Carrie Fisher is brilliant, flawed and perfect. Wonderful tale, told on screen by an amazing cast. A movie to be watched over and over again.",
21893,__label__2,"Meryl Streep is Great: Great movie for it's time. Well put together. Of course, you throw in Gene Hackman and Shirley Maclaine and you have pure greatness.",
21894,__label__1,"GREAT MOVIE - EXCEPTIONALLY BAD DVD!!!: Whoever authored this crappy DVD ought to be taken out and shot. I love this film and bought the DVD. The DVD froze a half hour into the film. It was a used copy, so I thought that there might be a tiny nick in the surface of the DVD. A year later I bought another copy - same thing. What a shame that a great film was released as an unwatchable DVD! Don't waste your money on this Koch Lorber piece of crap. Maybe someday Criterion will release this classic. Until then, VHS is about the only hard copy that is useable.",
21895,__label__2,An announced tragedy!: Violette Noizzere is a striking and devastating portrait based on real facts about a girl with a weird behavior due unsaid tragic events in her early adolescence. That sexual abuse will cause a fatal and ruthless vengeance with unpredictable consequences.The amazing performance of Isabelle Huppert (one of my five beloved French actress ever) deserved her the Golden Bear Prize in Berlin 1976.,
21896,__label__2,"Mystically Enjoyable!: ABANDON is a wonderful romance tale filled with enchanting fairies, potions and folklore on a captivating island! The hero is everything gallant, handsome and valiant while the heroine is everything beautiful, gentle and compassionate. The two combine make for a magically enthralling tale!",
21897,__label__2,"Great sophomore album.: This second album is not disappointing at all. Faith Assembly continues their traditions in making a rich new romantic album. Plenty of great songs here; however, you need to listen to this album a few times before you finally captured it's whole essence. ""Shades of Blue"" is still my favorite FA's album. If you wanna start exploring FA; I suggest you pick up their first album (Shades of Blue) first. Peace !!",
21898,__label__1,"Nothing here that hasn't been done better elsewhere , , ,: Cause and Effect isn't that great of a band, but they seem to be a strong influence on Faith Assembly. Think droning male lead vocals, with synth lines straight from the bedroom studio. This would not be so bad in itself, but some of the lyrics either swim through so much cliche and/or are such cheesy groaners that I personally can't keep myself from poking for the track advance button on my player.If you are stuck in a circa 1990's synth pop rut and do not have terribly discerning tastes, this album is for you. For the rest of you, may I suggest something along the lines of C&E;'s The Sunrise E.P. instead for contemporary synth pop of a similiarly mellow style.Cheers!",
21899,__label__2,"Puffy Wall Art: I am quite pleased with this wall art that coordinates with the bubbles and fish bedding set. The wall art is puffy (think stuffed toy) with a small white ribbon on the top of each piece for hanging. All pieces are machine washable. The size of the fish range from 8 1/2 - 10 inches from tip to tail. The bubbles are about 3 - 3 1/2 inches wide and 7 1/2 inches long. I do wish, however, that there were more color options than just green, blue and orange.",
21900,__label__2,"A Voice From the Past: Professor Rogin explains much about our country and our national mind-set although this book is not for the casual reader. The simplistic, politial tract of Ann Coulter, for instance, is to this seriously written HISTORY as a supermarket tabloid is to a play by Maxwell Anderson. Professor Rogin presents Senator McCarthy as a rational outgrowth of the fear of change that gripped the conservative mind just following WW2.Even today, some of the same fear is used by those who wish to USE the easily led. ""Socialist!"" ""Communist!"" are often lables attenpted to be tied to those who simply think as liberals. If there were a charming McCarthy who knows how far such movements would go?As always, I am thamkful for Amazon. I can find and buy VERY extraordinary books at very reasonable prices and have them delivered to my door.",
21901,__label__1,"Good book, terrible quality materials: The story is sweet and has a nice message. However the joy of reading it was difficult. This was a brand new book, but the quality of paper and book binding was the worst I have ever experienced. The pages immediately broke away from the binding just by opening the book gently by me (an adult) to read. My son has never even seen the book and would be frustrated to read it....since its all just brittle pages ready to crumble and the pages are all loose and separate. I paid $5.95 for this paperback book NEW and feel that cost is substantial enough to provide a good paperback book.",
21902,__label__1,Falling apart: Book is good but the binding is falling apart. Never bought a book before where the pages fell off. Pity.,
21903,__label__2,The Family Under The Bridge: I love this book even though it wasn't my favorite story.The book is for children because is enjoyable for kids.I give this book five stars.,
21904,__label__1,"From Under the Bridge Into his Heart!: A Paris hobo named Armand prizes both his ragtag existence and the hardness of his heart. But he falls victim to the charms of three redheaded waifs--newly on the streets (or in this case, under the bridge of the River Seine) whom he discovers camping out in His spot, no less! This is more than any gentleman of the road should have to endure! Then too, the children's prideful, bitter mother is no prize. But with the aid of friendly gypsies and their generous cart, plus a pal who recreates Father Christmas, Armand struggles to keep the children warm, fed and sheltered. But how can he deliver the real house which he boasted about for them to live in? This short tale of human kindness in adversity reminds jaded adults of the simple trust of children. A Good read-aloud for the elementary level.",
21905,__label__1,"A Rocky Tale: Armand is a hobo and hates children. One day, he arrives back under the bridge (his home) only to find kids and their mother. He becomes attached to them and gives them life experiences but can he give them there Christmas wish?I thought this book had a great meaning but it wasn't that good. The book wasn't an addicting story, and the story wasn't well written. Also it seemed to change course throughout the story. It was a rocky book and the author didn't do a good job of keeping the story in one style. I wouldn't recommend this book even if it sounds intresting.",
21906,__label__1,"I did not find this book interesting at all.: Armand (a hobo) is trying to find a way to give three kids a home. I do not find that interesting at all. If you do, then go ahead and read it!",
21907,__label__2,"The Greatest Book Ever By Immanuel Gutierrez CCMS: I thought this book was great. Right from the start A gypsy tells Armand that he would have an adventure that day. That day he meet the Calcet family and his life was not the same. Even though he tried to guard his heart, the kids got through to him. It is a great book to read with your family because it offers hope and takes you though on an adventure through Paris, including Notre Dame Cathedral, and The Court of Miracles. Armand said ""you should never give up hope,"" when the fisherman wound up the fishing pole and found the missing pair of his shoe. It it a great book for families that are homeless or having a hard time in life and for all ages.",
21908,__label__2,"The Family Under The Bridge: Once there was an old hobo named. The hobo lived under a bridge in Paris,France. One day the hobo went to the brige and he found three children and their dog. Then the hobo left the bridge. When he was leaving he saw the children cring.They wanted him to stay.He left but,soon came back.He realize thathe loved the children.Then the hobo got a job and a home for his family. The End... I give this book 5 stars. I really enjoyed this book. I recommend this book to be read to young children. The End...",
21909,__label__2,"Disappointing binding: The story is great, quite enjoyable to read with our son. I am disappointed with the binding, it's basically a paperback book with hard covers. Not good quality paper for the text block at all, not sure it's worth it buying the hardcover if the inside pages will yellow and turn brittle over time like paperbacks do.",
21910,__label__2,"Heartwarming Book: I have just finished reading The Family Under the Bridge with my fourth grade class. It is such a beautiful story, expecially around the Christmas holidays. It is a story of hope and family.",
21911,__label__2,"Santa doesn't recommend this book for younger kids.: Santa would not like this book as it makes it sound like he's not real and that he travels by donkey when he's in France and then ends up really just being a paid homeless man who can't grant wishes. It might even make some children think he isn't real. Not for kids under 11. If only the author didn't take that road, this is actually a good book, that part didn't need to be in it at all. As a mother, I enjoyed it, and am thankful I read it as I can now put it away for a few years and my child can remain a child for awhile. Sadly, this is a good chapter book for 7 to 10 year olds, the exact age that should NOT read it.",
21912,__label__1,"Time to quit: Plodding, disappointing writing that lacks the character development and depth of the earlier books.",
21913,__label__1,"Water damage not mentioned: This is the way the book condition was described: ""This is a very clean copy with tight pages, no spine crease and some minor shelf/edge wear."" When I received my order, I noticed that the last 75 pages or so appear to have water damage. The lower outside quarter of each page is rippled. If I had ordered the book as a gift, I would have returned it immediately. I would not order from this seller again.I ordered (and received) the book months ago, and I made notes about its condition when I got it - it just took me a long time to get around to this review.",
21914,__label__2,"My Favorite: I have thoroughly enjoyed all of Jan Karon's other Mitford books, but I liked this one even better. I checked the CDs out of my local library and enjoyed them so much that I bought my own. Looks like Karon's really hitting her stride with this book--brava! I can't wait for her new Father Tim series!",
21915,__label__1,"Dissatisfied with this Final Mitford Book: I join others who said this book left them wanting. It was quite disappointing. I had hoped with this last book, all the ""ends tied up"" would be with the characters we have known for the whole series. I couldn't keep all the new people straight. I was hoping for more of Dooley as a young man. Nope. Puny has a new set of twins, and it was barely mentioned. Edith Mallory found God? Why? We don't know. BIG SPOILER AHEAD!!!!!!! And after searching all over for Kenny, he just happens to show up at Fr Tim's door!?! I just shook my head at that. It seems Ms. Karon wanted to get this book out of the way, so she could get on with the new Father Tim novels. I hope they will be like the first 5 books of the Mitford series.",
21916,__label__1,"Light from Heaven: Nine may be an unlucky number for Jan Karon. The first eight Mitford novels were delightful. Somehow in writing the ninth, she forgot to put in a plot. The book jumps from vignette to vignette, some only a few sentences long. The repetition of pet words and phrases, from ""buddyroe"" to ""consider it done,"" are wearing in this book. She should have stopped at book number eight.",
21917,__label__2,"Jan Karon doesn't disappoint: Once again, Jan Karon brings to life the trials and joys of Father Tim and his beloved, Cynthia. Dooley is growing into a fine young man and life is changing for the residents of Mitford. As with the other books in the Mitford series, it's easy to pick up this book and immediately feel at home with the characters. Hopefully, this won't be the end of the series.",
21918,__label__1,Disappointed: Jan Karon's writings are among the best I've read - that's why this last book I found disappointing - very slow and I couldn't identify/relate to Agnes or with Father Tim's relationship with her. Maybe the author was trying to replace or reinvent Miss Sadie.,
21919,__label__1,"Disappointing Ending to a Wonderful Series: Like the other reviewers who were disappointed in this final Mitford book, I was looking for a final visit with the Mitford characters we have come to know and love. Introducing a whole new list of characters was not appropriate for this final book of the series. I found it hard to keep my interest engaged.",
21920,__label__1,"How Disappointing: The first few books of the Mitford series were wonderful, but the last two have been such disappointments. I love the Mitford story line, but Light from Heaven was so dis-jointed, it felt like JK got tired of writing and just haphazardly jotted down some disconnected thoughts. I really expected more -a gread deal more - from an author who clearly can touch the hearts of her readers, but really missed the mark this time.",
21921,__label__1,I could cry.: This last book in the series was so boring and dull I could cry because I had looked forward with such anticipation to it. I think Ms. Karon was bored with this series and it showed. It appeared this book was just an obligation to her contract.,
21922,__label__2,"Thanks Jan: As I expected another great book from this author! it is a little dry in spots, but overall very good.",
21923,__label__2,Light from heaven: I enjoyed this one almost as much as I did the one about the beach. Life is so real in these books.,
21924,__label__2,mitford years are the best: All of Jan Karon's Mitford books are great! I have read all of them - in order :) They are feel good books with a good message and story backing.,
21925,__label__2,Wonderful Mitford book: I love all the Mitford books and have them all on my Kindle. Periodically I re-read the series from beginning to end.,
21926,__label__2,Worth the price: I very rarely buy hardback editions because of the cost but couldn't wait for a paperback version. I was not dissapointed! This finally episode of The Mitford Years wraps up every loose end up beautifully and gives the reader even more insight into the lives of a group that now feels like my own family. Have kleenex handy; I started sniffling on page nine and and didn't stop for the rest of the book.,
21927,__label__1,"I tried: For someone who is reading the whole series at one time, this book might be great. But when I read this book, it had been over two years since I'd read the one before it, and I could not even finish it. I tried to stick with it, but I eventually put it down and could not pick it up again. Is this not the conclusion to the MITFORD series? So why can't a poor reader read about MITFORD instead about a bunch of characters we know nothing about, who we won't get to know very well seeing as this is the last book. I am a big fan of the whole series, but this book was simply painful.",
21928,__label__2,"A True Believer: I skipped thru a friend's edition and can't wait to get my own. I'm not Christian (in fact, Jewish) but I have loved and treasured every one of Karon's books: for her writing style, carefully drawn characters and heart-felt stories. These are people you get to know and love-- like neighbors, friends and family. I truly believe her books are for everyone, all faiths, across the board. I guess Mitford can't go on forever and like all things, must come to a logical end, but.......just one more piece of that orange cake, please!!",
21929,__label__1,"Let down: I, too, have read all the books in the series, and this one was a big disappointment. I decided to come here to read the other reviews to see if I was missing something. I still don't get it. Don't care about the new characters. Do enjoy Tim and his wife - especially finding each other so ""late"" in life. But generally, the book was a disappointment. I don't think I ""got"" the last chapter.One more thing - does it bug anyone else that Jan Karon's favorite word seems to be ""thumped"" as in, he ""thumped"" onto the chair. I found myself cringing each time I read that. She also used it constantly in previous books.If you have the whole series, buy it, but otherwise, don't bother. Doesn't live up to expectations.",
21930,__label__1,"What a letdown!!: Like others, I had to force myself to read this book to the end as it was about characters I didn't really care about. The constant use of hymns, prayers and poetry was boring and perhaps a way to stretch the book to fufill a publishing contract. It would have been far better to address readers' questions about Dooley, Kenny and Lace in the previous book and ended the series at that point. This was a hugely disappointing book as the characters loved in Mitford made essentially brief and shallow appearances. Jan Karon herself appears to have been bored with Mitford and this lazy effort cheats the loyal reader of a satisfying end to the series. I will not be reading the Father Tim novels and believe Jan Karon's reputation is lessened by her milking the series this way. Don't waste your money. Check this one out of the library.",
21931,__label__1,"Could have been so much better....: I was so disappointed. Too many characters, big print, no resolution, just...disappointing. Good thing she is on to another series, but this one deserved better.",
21932,__label__1,"Karon should have stopped with the last book: If this book was all the author had to offer faithful readers as a finale for the Mitford stories, she should have left us wondering. Poorly written, with confusing and unfinished storylines, this book was a great disappointment. After all the build up about telling Dooley about his inheritance, one page with nothing to offer ended the suspense. If you have enjoyed this series, I suggest you imagine your own endings and take a pass on the book.",
21933,__label__1,Deeply Disappointing: I agree with all of the reviewers who were disappointed in this book. What I had hoped for was a final visit to Mitford with stories about all my favorite characters and a nice tying up of loose ends. Instead we are introduced to a myriad of new characters who aren't very interesting especially as this is the final book in the series and their stories will go no further. What was Ms. Karon thinking? I wanted so much for the final book in the Mitford series to be about Mitford! Definitely wait and get this book from the library - its not worth adding to your Mitford collection.,
21934,__label__2,"ligh from heaven: Last in a series. Each book wonderful! Jan Karon's writing is down to earth, develops characters well, describes places of events. I am happy to have read & given as gifts.",
21935,__label__2,"Want more Mitford!: I have read all of this series except #9 which was missing. I am having withdrawal and feel sad about the series ending. I want more from Mitford, because I have enjoyed them immensly!! I've never read a series from which I got this much pleasure. I highly recommend these books to everyone. I give them 5 stars!",
21936,__label__1,"Like Eating an Entire Box of Chocolates: ...too much of a good thing. As much as I loved each of the Mitford books, and as much as I wanted to love this one, I just couldn't. I think maybe Jan Karon overreached. Instead of sticking to Mitford as one might expect in the series closer, Father Tim and Cynthia go off to a new/old church that happens to be just close enough to Mitford for the old characters we've grown so familiar with to pop up regularly. She introduced a score of new characters to go with the new church, and it all became too much to keep straight and, quite frankly, too much to swallow. Too many country-isms, too many perfect endings, too many...you name it. It was just overstuffed. And for all that, there were too many things left unfinished! What happened to Miss Rose, for instance? Did Father Tim and Cynthia make it to Ireland? Did Dooley and Lace marry?I would much rather have ended in Mitford.",
21937,__label__1,"this was a real stinker: Like everyone else, I am very disappointed with the last book...Way too many characters, poorly developed plot lines, what happens to Ms. Rose? What happens to Esther Bolick? Kenny just shows up on the doorstep miraculously??? What a cop out of a novel, I'm sorry! Fthr. Tim and Cynthia could not be any more nauseating, I loved them so much more when they had a fight or two! One thing I need to say, is that Karon did write a very fabulous series with very lovable characters. I wonder if she was on a deadline and was forced to send it in to the publishers? I just can't understand what happened.",
21938,__label__1,"Not better the second time: I have been a real fan of Jan Karon and Father Tim, even reading both Father Tim novels, although this is not the place to review them.Mitford is a comforting place to visit, and I have been forced to be immobile, so I re-read the Mitford books for escape.I remembered Light from Heaven as being Light-weight and disappointing, and upon reading it again suffered the same disappointment. It was not really a Mitford book - although some of the people from the earlier books were mentioned but not really part of the story.Just too many neat coincidences. I agree with some of the earlier reviewers that it seemed like the author just strung together some episodes and then just gave up. Sigh!Ps: I am a Christian very active in my church, but I like good people better when there is a little spice to them. Sometimes Father Tim just seems a little tooooo good to be true.",
21939,__label__1,"Very disappointed: This book was a real disappointment. It just quits and does not tie up the story. The reader is left hanging. I was reading it on the airplane and thought that I had misplaced my bookmark and missed the completion of the story, but no I hadn't - it isn't completed. I felt the author just became tired of writing the book and quit. The previous book was also not as well written as the others and I won't buy another by this author.",
21940,__label__2,"Divinely Inspired!!!: This book came from the heart and soul of the divine. How can an author write with such intensity that it totally transports the reader into the town of Mitford, into the lives of the characters to such a degree that when you finish and look up you are so disappointed in your own surroundings that you want to plunge back into Mitford and reside there? Jan Karon is a treasure and this series of books is the motherlode of reading pleasure. Please begin with the first and read to the last word of the last book. This is a set of books to treasure.",
21941,__label__1,Highly Unsatisfactory: So disappointing! Karon ends a wonderful series with a book introducing about a hundreds new characters and spends little or no time on the characters I have come to love. The resolution of many story lines that spanned several (if not all) the books were flat and felt like an after thought - like the obligitory endings were only included so that readers couldn't claim we were let down. Well it didn't work. I feel very let down by this conclusion to what was an amazing series.,
21942,__label__2,"Incredible Book: HEALING THROUGH LOVE is a must read for anyone interested in understanding the mind-body connection. The author, Marilyn Innerfeld, has written a first hand account of the cause and cure of illness. She has done so in a very fascinating way. The reader will find he/she will not want to put the book down. It is beautifully written with interesting stories to serve as example including the author's own personal experience. An excellent book for all.",
21943,__label__1,"Overrated and overpriced: This lipgloss was too pale, unflattering, and all nars lipglosses are way too sticky, make my lips peel, smell and taste bad. My go to lip glosses are revlon over the counter lipgloss.",
21944,__label__1,"Nars Orgasm Lip Gloss...save your money: $24.00 for a lip gloss, that's a pretty heavy duty price point for a lip gloss. I expect a LOT from gloss this expensive and high end.I ordered a tube of ""Orgasm"" and expected the perfect nude lip. Nope! There just isn't anything about this gloss that impressed me. It was sticky. It wasn't very opaque. There was so little color payoff! I have had comparable (or dare I say, better!) glosses for 1/5th the price. I can't believe I'm about to type this, but L'Oreal makes a gloss a million times better than this at 1/4th the price! Try NYX's glosses at 1/6th the price (and I like them better than the L'Oreal). Please don't buy into the hype of the Orgasm gloss. You won't have an orgasm when you use it, you'll be saying, ""That's it..?""",
21945,__label__1,"Bad taste and smell: This lipgloss tasted and smelled terrible...like melted plastic. As much as I enjoy Nars products, I don't recommend this gloss to anyone. Try MAC or Lancome or Revlon. This lipgloss was revolting.",
21946,__label__1,not a good buy: I bought this because I read that Nars made long lasting lip gloss but this product is just like any other lip gloss to me stays on for maybe one hour or so.,
21947,__label__2,NARS Lip Gloss Dolce Vita: A little too sparkly in my opinion but as it's lip gloss one shouldn't complain. Stays longer than the lipstick version and doesn't smudge. Leaves hardly a print on a white coffee cup which is a big plus.,
21948,__label__2,Perfect!: Perfect color and texture! I love it and would recommend this to all my friends as a great everyday wear!,
21949,__label__2,Awesome Lip Gloss: I have darker complexion and this is color is great for me! The lip gloss is perfect - it goes on smoothly and lasts for a while. I would recommend NARS lip gloss and this color to everyone.,
21950,__label__2,Just what I needed: This product is just what I needed I have a pale complexion and It's hard for me to find the perfect color but this is it! Some people say the consistency is bad but i prefer a thick gloss that will last longer.I think this gloss is amazing! My boyfriend bought it for me for Christmas off of my wishlist. I'm happy to have a high quality product like this for my lips.,
21951,__label__1,"Bad tube: I love this product. It is truly my go to lipgloss color. However, this particular tube leaks and gets everything in my purse all sticky. Yuck. I think the wand is loose or something. Somethings are better just picked up in store I suppose.",
21952,__label__2,"No stickiness here!: Great consistency; it doesn't get sticky after application and has a really nice creamy quality to it. It provides a subtle shine, but isn't as punchy as I'd like it to be. I prefer something that nourishes the lips more, as well. I think I'd like to try it in ""Turkish Delight"" (my first was ""Sweet Dreams""). Good product!",
21953,__label__1,"Smells and tastes HORRIBLE: This lipgloss is a nice color, but it smells and tastes absolutely HORRIBLE!!! And no, I don't purposely ingest lipgloss, but any woman knows that if it's on your lips, some of it is inevitably going to get in your mouth. Yuck. This is DEFINITELY not worth $24. I will never buy this again. Save your money.",
21954,__label__1,"Made in China! Sending it back!: I am so disappointed that this tote carries Lodge's name and is made in China that I will be sending it back. First of all the Lodge tripod does not come with a tote, so you have to order it separately. I bought the Bayou Classic tripod and it came with a tote bag. I buy Lodge cast iron because it is American made. If the add for the tote clearly stated that the tote was made in China I would not have bought it. Now that I have received it I am sending it back. Very disappointing. No doubt, this is the best tripod tote bag that Chinese child prison labor can produce, but I'll buy American.",
21955,__label__2,"Touching story: We have a granddaughter who has cerebral palsy. Her mind is sharp as a tack but she lacks motor skills to do many things other children can do. Her dream is to run and play like other kids. We always tell her God has a special plan for her life. This book is very touching as it addresses the little lamb who was different, but had a very special place in God's plan.",
21956,__label__2,"The Crippled Lamb: Have you ever found something so dear that it was irresistible? For me, very few items fit into that category, but this little book definitely is an exception.",
21957,__label__2,those in our world with special needs: this is a extraordinary book for young children. it will teach them to understand and respect others (humans as well as animals) who have special needs. i highly recommend it!,
21958,__label__2,"Great to have in DVD form.: With modern TVs not having a VHS player, I had to order a copy in DVD form of the story my kids loved. It's still a great story now shown to my grandchild.",
21959,__label__2,"Moved to tears every time I read it.: How beautiful! We all are imperfect, crippled in some way. Yet it is those imperfections that God uses best.This is not only a wonderful Christmas story to cherish, but a story to read to children, who are disappointed because they did not make the cut for a sports team, or who feel unpopular, or don't have the best grades even though they try hard. If you are a parent or grandparent, you should be reading this one with children in your lap and tissues nearby. This one is not just for children, it is a classic story for all ages!",
21960,__label__2,one of my favs!!!: this is a great book to read- enjoy!! max is one of the best christian writers out there- i recommend this book!,
21961,__label__2,"A never tiring book to be read and reread.: A Max Lucado classic. From an author who can take the simplest of simple and expose the deepest of meaning. This childrens book is a must for a childs nightstand to be requested and rerequested night after night. A story on how the least likely of canidates can play the most important rolls in God's creation. How, no matter what seems our position in life, God can use each of us in His kingdom. This book parallels many stories in the bible but mostly reminds me of how He took the least of 7 brothers and used him as a King(David). It is a comfort and joy and should be read by every parent to their children.",
21962,__label__2,"This book is simply beautiful.: I love this book! It is absolutely precious. No matter how many times I read it to my children, I still end up with a lump in my throat, tears in my eyes and goose bumps on my arms. It really gets to me",
21963,__label__2,"OUTSTANDING!!!: I have two girls, ages 4&amp;5. When I read them this book, we all cried together. Max Lucado's, ""The Crippled Lamb"", has got to be one of the finest children's books I've read yet. With it's vivid descriptions of the poor lamb's feelings, and the message of how God turns bad situations into blessings. Thanks to all who worked so hard to put such a wonderful book together. Daniel Oxford, Gravette, AR",
21964,__label__2,"precious: I bought this as a gift for two little farm boys age, 3 and 5. One of them is a crippled lamb. The prose and illustrations are just what I had hoped they would be. Wonderful!",
21965,__label__2,GREAT BOOK!: This is a really good story with nice illustrations! My four-year-old son loves the story and I enjoy being able to tell him the meaning behind it; that sometimes being different is a good thing.,
21966,__label__1,"A Person with a Disability Speaks Out: This book is AWFUL! First, the title is offensive. I'm in a wheelchair and I hate the term ""crippled"". It's demeaning and insensitive. I thought Max Lucado was supposed to be a compassionate Christian? By naming the book this title, it not only teaches a new generation another ""hateful"" term it promotes treating people different because of their abilities or lack thereof.Furthermore, I found this to have the message of ""pity the disabled"" not treat them as normal and productive parts of society, which many of us are. If you truly want to educate your children about differences DON'T buy this book. It's ""well meaning"" but inaccurate books like this one that further alienate those of us with disabilities and perpetuate ignorance and misunderstanding.",
21967,__label__1,"""Crippled"" Has to Go; New Title Needed: While this book may be helpful to children who are seen as ""special"" or ""crippled,"" I would never recommend it, because of the title, which is bad as ""The Nig**er Lamb"" would be. Get it? I'm an advocate for people with disabilities, the preferred term, and can assure you that a book called ""crippled"" and terms like ""special"" will have the opposite of the intended result and could cause children to be perceived even more as ""special"" instead of different but equal.",
21968,__label__2,"A ""Must Have"": A good book...I like the lesson that no matter what kind of hand life has dealt us, we can be confident that there is a greater plan for our lives and a reason for everything. I say enjoy it year 'round and not just at Christmas!",
21969,__label__2,"A good book for kids with disabilities: Sometimes it is hard to find parables for children who have disabilities. The stories about Jesus focus on wholeness and wonderfulness. In this fable, the crippled lamb is left behind when the others go out to pasture. He feels lost and left behind until a special couple shows up. It is then that he has the chance to do the one thing the other sheep could not, he curls up to the infant and warms him in the cold stable.This is written in a style that even the youngest can understand. Highly recommended, particularly to families and Sunday school classes with children who are ""different.""",
21970,__label__1,"Very poor packaging and documentation: This is a regretfully mismanaged product. The quality of the disc is acceptable. The quality of the packaging is abysmal. There is no information about the credits for the production. The track listing includes only the track number and the title. No performer names, no timings. in fact, there is no differentiation between the production tracks and the bonus tracks. This CD appears to have been produced by people with no knowledge of the material, nor interest in it. I felt cheated by what I got.",
21971,__label__1,Bunion relief: Did not work well. Could not keep it on at night. Not too comfortable. Can't walk with it if need to get up in the night.,
21972,__label__2,works well: works really well to keep my bunions small. over time the plastic support has bent and it doesnt work as well.,
21973,__label__2,"It helps: I wore some shoes that had been comfortable for a year, but I guess more poor feet are changing. They couldn't cope with the stress of standing in those shoes for hours. A slight bunion got much worse after that day so I bought this splint to fix it.It did help. Wore it overnight and my foot was realigned in the morning. I hate having foot troubles but until I can afford better care, splints and other OTC remedies help. I write these reviews because I know how frustrating it is to try to solve foot problems. Even many podiatrists don't have adequate treatments.",
21974,__label__1,"It did not work for me.: The product is good, but it dd not work for me. No changes or improvements on my feet.",
21975,__label__1,"didn't care for it: well, I have two of these and they end up waking me up at night for discomfort. maybe its the stress on the toe be forced to a different position, but I can't sacrifice sleep at this expense. it is not designed to walk in.",
21976,__label__2,"Love It: I've seen a marked difference of pain from when I first started using it over a month ago. I don't have bad bunions, just the beginning of one and my shoes on my right foot always cause it to hurt, even my running shoes. But after continually using it, I've noticed a decrease and in some cases disappearance of pain in the joint. Love this product, would highly recommend it",
21977,__label__2,"Incredible!: I did not think this would work, but every night I use it and in the morning it gets better and better. Thanks!",
21978,__label__2,"Works better than Footsmart: This is way more comfortable and works better than the footsmart one. The plastic on the footsmart one rubs, where this one is soft and comfortable.",
21979,__label__2,"good and easy to use: Easy to use, slips on and maintains the angle comfortably. I tried another brand's product and it was much more cumbersome to put on and uncomfortable.",
21980,__label__1,not recommend for narrow foot: This product doesn't really suit my narrow foot and keep slipping down. Otherwise I think it might work pretty well.,
21981,__label__2,"Works like expected: My feet are size 6 and I have the small ones with me. I've just received the product today and have had it on for quite some time, like more than an hour. Well the instructions did say to put it on for at max 30 minutes initially but it's really comfortable on me. So far I've no pain problems with it. They don't exactly straighten my big toes back to its original state but they help brace them to a better and more comfortable position. If there's one thing I don't like it would be the way they space my big toes far off from my other toes. But for a price like this I'm really happy with it. Getting a bunion splint isn't exactly cheap nor fairly available here in my country and buying it here is like a steal!",
21982,__label__2,"Comfortable and easy: This is easy to put on and comfortable. I think I could have gotten by with a small. I wear women's size 7 1/2 and I need to pull the velcro almost all the way around. Wish the size could have been related to shoe size instead of just small,medium, large.",
21983,__label__1,Disappointed: At the beginning all was well. You can feel it helping and i would put it on every night. I didnt get it for pain or anything of the sort...just to help minimize my bunion. Unfortunately after 2 weeks of daily use I noticed that the velcro part that tightens or loosens the regulator is beginning to come apart at the seams....Now there are a lot of tiny strings everywhere. I wish it would have lasted longer.,
21984,__label__1,"Not comfortable. Look for another splint: PediFix Nighttime Bunion Regulator, Left, MediumI have what one would consider a 'moderate' type bunion. My toe is not out of alignment that much and the 'bump' is noticeable (5 on a scale of 1-10). I bought this product b/c the pain has increased to the point it will sometimes hurt to walk. (I'm already wearing shoes with a wide toebox and have for 20+ years). This splint seemed to work well the first couple nights but shortly thereafter it wouldn't stay on comfortably. The plastic separator began to uncomfortably dig into the area between my toes.If the point is to leave it on overnight to get good results, the item needs to be comfortable. This was not and I have since thrown it away.",
21985,__label__2,"Pedifix Nighttime Bunion Regulator Review: This does not completely correct the problem, but after each night's use, my toes are straighter and my bunion does not hurt so much in the morning....very worth the money and time to put on.",
21986,__label__1,"Didn't work for me: I was hopeful that this would be the affordable answer to the bunion problem (as opposed to surgery), but this product made my foot more painful than it was already. I stopped using it after about a month and have had better success (or at least less pain) by wearing only comfy shoes (no heels) and swimming/bike riding instead of walking for exercise. I don't recommend it.",
21987,__label__2,"I have feet again!!!!!: These regulators do more than just ease bunion pain. I have the left and the right foot ons. If you haven't let them get out of hand yet, get these IMMEDIATELY!!!!! My feet are aligned again, and without surgery - which is what I had been told I would need! I'm wearing shoes that used to hurt, but without complaint now. and I walk straighter because of it. The first two times or so that you wear it, it does make the joint a bit sore, but that's to be expected. After all it is stretching cramped muscle and tissue and realigning bones. But after a while you can pull it a bit tighter as the bunion responds to treatment.. I can wiggle my big toe which wouldn't move much before. All around excellent invention!!",
21988,__label__2,"So far so good: Unlike its biggest competitor, the FootSmart bunion regulator that looks similar, but is white and blue, this only adjusts in one place. Other than that this is a far superior item. The plastic is thicker and more study. The other dug into my foot with the edge. I can only wear these for a few hours, I put it on fairly tight, but it makes a huge difference in my foot pain the next day and for a couple of days after if I forget to put it on the next night or two.",
21989,__label__2,"Works great-: I am very happy with this product. For such a simple design, it is amazing. It provides much relief from the bunion pain.",
21990,__label__2,"Real cook: When I was growing up everything my mom and my grandma was cooking were prepared food from the scratch. These days its so much easier to get half done product from the store...Well one day I decided to go back to basics and start cooking the way it was meant to be. I searched through many videos of cooks and I finnaly discovered amazing cooking of Julia Child. Since I learn her way of cooking I start receaving so many compliments from my husband and my kids. I watch her videos in the kitchen on my laptop and I let my 5 year old daughter to help me with cooking while we recive gold tips from Julia Child. But there's not only cooking she teaches. She teach basic knowledge about meat and products, what to choose what to avoid and how to save the money. It's true Julia Child uses alot of butter, but the taste she creates can't be substitute!",
21991,__label__2,Entertaining & Informative: Had to chuckle when she tied each meat to the pot handle :) I'm actually going to try a scaled down version of this recipe. Very practical.,
21992,__label__2,"Julia is a joy to watch!: I can't believe how much I learned from the FIRST episode of The French Chef! Julia Child makes French cooking amazingly approachable and gratifying. I felt like my best friend was walking me through her favorite recipe. Best of all, Julia thoroughly explains (and demonstrates) techniques that will improve even the simplest of meals. Bon appetit? Bon appetit indeed!",
21993,__label__2,"A Lesson in Humility: Watching the incomparable Julia prepare onion soup in this rebroadcast of her second show, I am humbled by her gift as a teacher. She delivers her lesson in 30 minutes without pause, background music, or cue cards. She intends for her lesson to be viewed by an average audience with a standard ""out of the box"" kitchen, an audience who desire to be a little more creative with their supermarket fare. This is not cooking as entertainment but for sustenance; not a fancy appliance or utensil in sight. Good food is prepared from the heart with ingredients at hand.It is Christmas time. I stumbled on this show while shopping on Amazon for another new kitchen gadget. The kitchen shopping is suspended indefinitely for I want what I already have, and the soup will not care if I use my grandmother's ancient iron blade or the latest Henkel's. Thank you, Julia, for reminding me.",
21994,__label__2,"journey to a different time...: ...when musicians made their music without the aid of synthesizers of mixers or computerized studio workstations. Not only is ""Freddy"" (as he is affectionately called by fans) the King of Oud, he has a magical voice. There is a craftsmanship and depth to his music that I really enjoy.",
21995,__label__1,"Please enter a title for your review: This is supposed to be a swing/metal crossover band, but it's really just some rudimentary amateurish Black Sabbath style metal with a singer who makes a really weak attempt at a swing croon. There is no genuine elements of swing in this music, it's just a bunch of talentless metal guys attempting something they have no real grasp of. There isn't even really any genuine elements of metal either, it's basically just stoner/hard rock.",
21996,__label__2,It's Poltergeist The Legacy: Of course it's good. Now if I can just find a bookstore around here to get it at!!! :Pmaxpages.com/jamileighptl,
21997,__label__1,"don't look for any answer's from GBC: We bought the most expensive, high end laminator this company makes, and have had trouble since day 1. GBC itself has no customer support system at all, instead they refer you to the closest seller (in our case 4 hours away). Since we've not received good service from the seller, we've asked GBC for an alternate, which they were unable to provide - they literally have no idea who carries their products! This is incredible to me - so I have to say their customer service is nonexistent - pretty sad.....",
21998,__label__1,"Very cheaply made and packaged: I bought this rocket hoping to have a neat little toy to sit on my desk at work, but what arrived was not what I expected. The rocket is made of hard rubber and the one I got had apparently been sitting in the packaging so long that the escape tower and all 4 fins are permanently bent and will not straighten out.After months of sitting out on my desk at home it's still not straight. I've even tried heating it up with a hair dryer, but that only helped slightly.I have to agree with the other 1 star review, this isn't worth 99 cents.",
21999,__label__1,"Rocket worth a quarter - Pay $9: Mini Saturn V RocketThe product picture is much better than the reality. This is a flexible rubber toy worthy to be included in the 25 cent clearance barrel at any 99Cent store. If you are happy paying $2.49 for a toy covered with sticky glue from pealed off price tags, go for it. Just be aware that the shipping on this itty-bitty rocket is going to be $6.55 for a grand total of $9.04. I foolishly bought this mixed into a much larger order and didn't notice the shipping cost. Buyer beware.",
