80000,__label__1,"Revisionist revenge chick flick rubbish: On first viewing it's check out the architecture and guess the killer. On second viewing it's check out the clothes and guess the killer. On the third viewing it's the dawning realization that this is a revisionist feminist revenge chick flick (whatever that means) with few redeeming features made for the tackiest of Hollywood reasons - let's give the suckers what they want - sex, ice picks wielded by braless women under forty, and lots of expensive clothes and fast cars. The greatest suspense comes from the awful overacting Mr Douglas who is trying to give up smoking - will he? Won't he? Ms Stone iks embarrassingly bad. It is redeemed somewhat by Mr Dzundza and the elegant Ms Tripplehorn. And yes, I am a slow learner as this film made squillionsof dollars and I thought thousands of paying customers could not be wrong so I looked at it three times. And yes I am a sucker.",
80001,__label__2,titanc: it a movie dealing with a love story betewen a lady and a drawing on the ships TITANIC which have been flow down in the ocean,
80002,__label__2,"Yeah........: The real reason why a film called Basic Instinct has been a famous and unforgettable film, is not because of its great story, thrills, and mystery. It has been remained by people for lots of years because of Sharone Stone's nice and smooth body. It's sad but true. Basic Instinct shows us a lot of bad things. Like nudity, sex, murder, violence, and things like bad language. Some people hate this film because of these kind of bad things. But think about this film in a different way. When I saw the script of this film, it was terrific! I could just call it perfect. People have to remember this film as a film that have great thrills and a great story. Not as a film that contains erotic things..... Anyways, I give it 4 out of 5.",
80003,__label__1,"Is this a movie or a porn?: I had heard that this movie was exellent so when i had a chance to see it,i did!And i was surprised to find out how much was exposed,i had heard that Sharon Stone was not ashamed of her body,obviously not! She showed more than i would of liked to have seen.It seems all the movie is about is sex rather than a murder,after the movie is over you will say,""murder?what murder?this movie was supposed to be about a murder mystery!""Sharon Stone did a fantastic job,when she was actually talking instead of climbing all over Michel Douglas!",
80004,__label__1,"Wait for a remastered Director's Cut DVD: Picture quality is substandard. It's certainly not worth the retail price... Even freeze-framing and slow-mo-ing Sharon Stone's infamous ""beaver"" scene gets old after a while.",
80005,__label__1,"Horrible film, but beautiful woman.: Let's be honest about this picture. The only reason people watch it is to see Sharon Stone naked. EVERYTHING about the movie if terrible, but I would recommend the movie so people could marvel at the beauty of Sharon's breasts and legs. She is truly mesmorizing.",
80006,__label__1,"Basically in-stinks: One of the many sex-can-kill-you thrillers of the 80s and 90s, this one is particularly lame and offensive. The ending alone should invalidate anything worthy that precedes it. Is she or isn't she? When it becomes clear that even the screenwriter (Joe the Hutt) doesn't know, and doesn't care, and only wants to leave room for a sequel, the cynicism becomes palpable. The whole thing is an unintentional joke (sort of like Stone claiming she didn't know where the camera was positioned in the interrogation scene). Everything backfires -- even Stone's presumed sexuality is undermined by Tripplehorn's vastly superior looks and talent.If you want to see a good sex-equals-death thriller, check out ""Sea of Love."" Ellen Barkin makes Sharon Stone look like amateur night.",
80007,__label__2,"Best Thriller EVER made!: Sure, there's Psycho but I am also adding the HOT FACTOR; this movie for me was the the best thriller I have ever seen and really the best movie are atleast on my top five with Thelma & Louise, Rosemary's Baby, Last Tango in Paris & Butterflies are Free. Sharon Stone and Michael Douglas were dead on; extremely believable characters and even after it was all over my sister had to explain to me that of course Katherine Tremell was the killer because of the icepick under the best. Then I rewatched and understood the whole way the other woman was set up by Catherine and the brilliance of it all tying into her bestselling novel. The movie was thrilling! And Sharon Stone never looked hotter or any woman for that matter than Catherine in this film. Michael Douglas was great as the quesionable cop; likable but with an edge and a dark side. Catherine Tremell was the DARK SIDE period. I'd give it ten stars if I could!!",
80008,__label__2,"Defintly makes you think and squirm!: This movie is very good! Michael Douglas makes the perfect villian, and makes you like and fear him at the same time.",
80009,__label__2,Basic Instinct Blu Ray: Finally in my opinion Lions Gate got a Blu Ray Transfer right. It is not perfect but it is good condidering Basic Instinct was released in 1992.Picture quality was good during day scenes but a little grainy when a scene gets dark. Sound quality is good as well (DTS HD Audio).All the extras are in Standard Definition. This is great Blu Ray to own. Price is also great :),
80010,__label__2,"What else do you need?: If you tell me there's a detective movie with Michael Douglas and the most elegant and beautiful woman in cinema both featured, I'm not going to ask anything more. Just buy it. And don't worry about that 'interrogation scene'; it's in there too, not that I had any interest in it (of course.)",
80011,__label__1,"Sharon Stone is Beautiful: A perfect face, perfect body and a perfect crotch. The movie did keep me engaged although the dialog is mostly insipid. Reminded me a lot of commercial copy writing. I found that the movie meandered a lot - like TV serials - with a suspect, then a new villain and then again the old villain. Someone had said that the Director's Cut made it clear what was going on. If you need the Director's Cut to understand the plot, then the movie is a failure. Looking back, the only reason I'd watch this movie again is for Sharon Stone's perfect body. I'd keep the sound muted the next time and have the remote handy for fast forwarding thru.",
80012,__label__1,"Campy, laughably bad: Basic Instinct is a very funny movie, though I suspect Eszterhas and Verhoeven may not have intended it to be. The dialog is silly, the plot ridiculous and the sex scenes a riot. Still, because this is one of the best bad movies ever made, I recommend you see it at least once! I have not seen the director's cut and may check it out just to see what I have been missing.",
80013,__label__1,"Acoustic Finger Picking by Jamie Findlay: Mr. Jamie Findlay is a very good acoustic guitarist, but this video lack basic teaching of finger picking that is needed for this video to be called an instructional video.",
80014,__label__2,"Track listing and info: There is no Parental Advisory label, but there should be one.1. The Ground2. Sexploitation3. Bulge4. Sister Mary Freedom5. Out on the Street6. Dead Friend7. Disconnected8. Tragedy of You",
80015,__label__1,"Tedious, tedious read: A friend gave me this book feeling that I would enjoy the way it was written and how Mr. Richardson uses language throughout. She was half right.The twists and little turns of phrase and language were enjoyable, but rare. Instead, uncommon words are used to fill the simple sentences and try to lend some weight to an unremarkable book.Otherwise, the brothers are barely distinguishable, though they have completely different mannerisms. There is nothing that grabs hold of the reader to differentiate between them or any of the guests.If I found it in a $.10 box at a yardsale, I would buy it. Otherwise, it isn't worth the cost of shipping.",
80016,__label__2,"What a scream!: I laughed so hard, I nearly bought a round of drinks! Especially the part about what the parrot said when their mum was found dead.It was that hysterical kind of laughter; you know, you think you're done laughing and then out comes another hysterical giggle. A laughing jag, I guess you'd say.I highly recommend this book.",
80017,__label__1,...and this is an award winner?: Some of the small moments are cute in this book but I wouldn't recommend it as a must-read. The author goes off on tangents and the literary writing is a bit over the top to sound like owners of a bed and breakfast.,
80018,__label__1,"Disappointed: This is a GREAT story, brilliantly written. The audio version is a let down.It is titled 'unabridged' but parts of the book ARE missing. For instance when we first meet Mrs. Rochester - in the book we get a few paragraphs about Virgil & Hector's mother's dying moments. These paragraphs are censored on the audio version.While it was some curiosity value to hear the author's voice, his delivery is akin to an uninspired newsreader at times.The material means it will be good. I am sorry it is so pasteurised. It could have been so much better.B~Gal",
80019,__label__2,Such a nice little book for fun reading: We should receive some royalties on the numbers of this book we've purchased for friends. We reread it every year. It's pleasant for bedtime shared reading. Just a wonderfully delightful read.,
80020,__label__1,"Why is this book considered so good?: This book was suggested to our reading group because of its rave reviews. I felt that this book had no character development, no story and had very little to offer. Even the writing style was weak. Why was this novel so highly recommended when there are so many enriching book to encounter?",
80021,__label__1,"Pretentious and Dull: This book was well-written but too ""cute"". The author tried a bit too hard to make each character an eccentric. While I consider myself well-read, the numerous literary references grew tiresome. It is simply not an interesting book and one I quit reading before reaching the end.",
80022,__label__1,"""P"" is for Pointless: What a stupid book! I was expecting a good read, but the writing was pretentious and pedantic and the plot was pointless. I'm so disappointed!",
80023,__label__1,"Listened to cats yowl that were more entertaining: I have to admit, I'm easy to please. Great audio books are few and far between, but the writing, the reading, the tone and the stories on these cds were to me pretentious and overbearing. Save yourself the money and buy a classic. I enjoyed the ""seabiscuit"" story on Cd. Get that. I should have known better. Was it quaint? Maybe. Interesting or well done- no. I'd have more fun just reading a log book from an inn than listening to this again.",
80024,__label__2,"Perfect choice for a reading group discussion!: This is a charming little book that centers around twin brothers, Hector and Virgil, 50-something bachelors who run a Bed & Breakfast in a remote island location. Though word-of-mouth, they have attracted a customer base consisting entirely of fellow bibliophiles, and thus reading is a central theme throughout the novel.The book is written as a series of reflections: each chapter is narrated by either Hector, Virgil, or one of their guests, whose musings make up the B&B;'s unique guest book. The brothers relate stories of their unconventional childhood with their single mother and MIA father as well as offer present day anecdotes about their entertaining guests, neighbors, and pets. Also interspersed throughout the book are recommended reading lists such as ""Hector's List of Favorite Authors for the Bath.""This quirky, whimsical novel is ideally suited to be a reading group selection and likely to be enjoyed by any book lover.",
80025,__label__2,"I want to know these Bachelor Brothers!: I love Bill Richardson! I just caught up with the Bachelor Brothers; it is rare for me to laugh out loud while reading, but this book and one of its sequels had me roaring. All I could think was, ""How can I start a similar bed and breakfast?"" It is touching, funny, literate -- a real bibliophile's delight. Nuts to Kirkus Reviews for not liking the lists (bathroom reading, bathtub reading, etc.); I was very grateful for them. Hector and Virgil rock!",
80026,__label__1,"Rather tedious: I'm a great fan of Barbara Pym, Emily Eden, Margaret Oliphant, Anthony Trollope, PG Wodehouse, and similar writers of gentle (and not-so-gentle) social humor. When I found this book, then, I was pleased to find another promising author that seemed to fit this type.The first chapter was amusing enough, written from one of the Bachelor Brother's points of view. Richardson has some very nice turns of phrase and is very good with his imagery. He's also skilled at changing the ""voice"" of the narrator for each chapter. The book very quickly palled for me after that first chapter, though, and it quickly became just a tedious read. I found the characters uninteresting, the setting only mildly engaging, and the overall lack of plot dull.Fortunately, it was also a very short book, which is good for anyone who has to finish whatever book they start. As light summer reading, one could do worse that this light-weight volume, but one could undoubtedly also do better.",
80027,__label__2,How can you go wrong with a book about books?: Picked this up at a used book store in Georgia last year and just now got around to reading it. Lovely story of book-loving bachelor brothers who run a B&B and the folks who stay there.,
80028,__label__2,"Light, lol read: I admit that I am only 1/2 way through the book. I looked at the reviews on Amazon to see how this book was received. I am finding the characters very likeable. It's a light, fast read and at times laugh out loud funny. I had no preconceptions as I've never heard of this series before I found it at a book sale.It's not rocket science but enjoyable nevertheless.",
80029,__label__1,"nice book: A well written book by a GURU in network administration (Douglas Chick), the language used is simple to understand. I recommend this book, worth the bucks.",
80030,__label__1,"Goldie Throat: This is Goldie Hawn's only album, from 1972. It's not very good. She can carry a tune (barely), but has a small, unimpressive singing voice. The material here is performed in a few different styles. There are country songs, easy listening songs and (believe it or not) a vaudeville song. It's all rather boring, and only collectors of bad celebrity album will want to pick this one up.",
80031,__label__1,"Jones Bassoon Reed: I have only been playing the bassoon for about one year, and have found the reed is very important...and sometimes it's very hard to find one that works for you. I have tried about five different brands, with Jones being one of them. I tried only one reed, and found it a bit more toward the medium than the soft, and for me at least it was difficult to play some notes and in general was not fun to play. Again, I am still fairly new to the bassoon, and what works or doesn't work for me may not be the same for others.",
80032,__label__1,"Jones = GARBAGE: I am a bassoonist that has been making bassoon reeds for 17 yrs now, and I am shocked that Jones still manages to stay in business. Sure, it may be a cheap reed, but remember, you get what you pay for. The reeds are often unbalanced, the wires are loose, the blades of the reed shift very easily. If you're a beginning bassoonist and you're looking for a good reed, look elsewhere -- a bassoonist will only play as well as their reed allows them to, and Jones reeds will only hold you back.If you have no other alternatives locally, then I'd suggest finding a quality, reputable reedmaker online, because these reeds are simply poorly constructed.",
80033,__label__2,Just love her songs and voice: I had this album on a cassette and wanted to be able to play it on a CD player too... since tapes are fading away...,
80034,__label__2,Beautiful Love Songs Not Forgotten: I had been looking for one of the songs in this particular CD. If wishes were horses. What a greatsounding melody. I saw it being featured in the movie Big Eden. I fell in love with it. Lari Whitewhat a beautiful singing voice. I bought it to play in the background of a video montgage ofdifferent pictures of my loved ones. I will be celebrating a birthday soon. How very appropriate.Im glad I found this CD but especially this song!,
80035,__label__2,Fabulous!: This is one of my favorites. Every song is enjoyable and several will really get you hooked listening to Lari's music.,
80036,__label__2,"Great toy, lots to do: This is a great toy, my 15 month old twins love to open the camper and play with it. I agree with the other reviewer about the motorcycle, isn't very stable but that isn't a big deal. I got this toy at my local Target ($13.98 on clearance).",
80037,__label__2,"Fun, Durable, Cute and ready to go: My 1 year old received this for his birthday. It has brought hours of play. It has a lantern on the outside that plays nature sounds and camping songs. The toilet in the camper makes a flushing sound. And the front button makes a beeping noise and plays different songs. It is made out of hard plastic and is very durable. Both my 6 year old and 1 year old love playing with it. Excellent toy!",
80038,__label__2,"If you are a guitar player into blues, you will want this.: This is a very interesting Mayall album showcasing the talents of Eric Clapton and Mick Taylor under Mayall's mentorship. Their are a couple of tracks without any guitar leads as well.If you are a student of 60s guitar playing you will want to hear this. Clapton plays a version of ""Have You Ever Loved a Woman"" that is chilling on this CD. You would swear that he has transformed himself into Freddie King for the gig. Mick Taylor stretches out for a very long solo and explores (probably invents) sitar like blues guitar.The CD was recorded on some kind of bootleg equipment at blues clubs in the mid 60s and the sound quality suffers, but this is still one of my favorite CDs.If you are a Brit Blues fan, buy it.",
80039,__label__1,"Only,a historical work!: For me,this cd is only a historical moment,that preceeded the great days of that great group,The Cream! The recorded quality was very poor,not emotionally work!It's only!",
80040,__label__2,"Bottleneck Minstrel of the Lord: This is an excellent CD that I would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys the bottleneck blues. Like the other reviewer I would compare Rev. Brown to the great Blind Willie Johnson who by the way is one of the greatest bottleneck players ever to put music on a disc. When you think of the rarity of recordings of this nature, especially in the outstanding fidelity represented on this disc you have to snatch these great recordings up before the recordings become obsolete. The bottleneck playing here is top notch and the singing is hauntingly beautiful. I only wish more recordings of this nature would be released from the Arhoolie vaults before the culture no longer desires to remember the great minstrels from the past. If you don't have this CD, Get it! You'll be glsd you did.",
80041,__label__2,"Cannot get enough: I got this movie for a long car trip. My 3 year old had never seen it and I thought she would be interested as I assumed the colors would be bright and characters cute. Oh My Goodness, she watched the movie 8 times in a row (9 total in one day). She will watch and laugh and acts as if it is the first time she has seen it. It was a sanity saver for us.",
80042,__label__2,"Excellent Movie!: I thought this was an excellent movie. I'm in the process of buying it for my little sister. She also loved it. I thought the designs and graphics were very beautiful and creative. My favorite character is Queen Frostine. I have Candyland, the game and have played it for years. I had been waiting a long time for them to make a movie out of it. Two Thumbs Way Up!",
80043,__label__2,Candy land: I intended to buy a DVD but I ended up giving it to my 4 year old grand daughter and she loves it.,
80044,__label__2,"One of my daughters favorites!!: My 4 year old loves this. I rented it, then she had to have it. The only place I could find it at a good price was here!",
80045,__label__2,"good movie: I bought this for my daughter when she was 3 and now at 6 she still likes to watch it on occasion. I find it a little slow, but I'm not 6!",
80046,__label__2,Great kid's movie!!!: This is a wonderful movie for children of all ages. The beautiful colors in the movie help keep the kids entertained throughout.,
80047,__label__2,"Better than Expected...: I bought this for my child because she loves the board game, but had very low expectations for it's quality and story. I was pleasently surprised, however, that it's fairly well done with a good story and excellent music. It has quickly become a favorite. Hope they produce more.",
80048,__label__2,"This Be Called a Song: Hey, don't dis this movie because believe it or not, it's a keeper! I took my friend's daughter's to see it a few weekends ago, and I agreed with their first reaction after it ended: ""Holy Moses!"" Sure, the animation is not up to Pixar standards. But there are surprisingly good jokes, lots of spine-tingling thrills (don't let the super-young ones see the evil Lord Licorice!), and basically a family-friendly good time that you will definitely want to replay over and over again. My friend's daughter's are basically teenagers, but after the movie they were inpired to break out the old board game and have a ""Candyland"" tournament. I would've participated but I had a nasty stye that was gumming up my eyelid.",
80049,__label__2,"Piscturesque novel: Late Janie Bolitho belonged to a esteemed group of British mystery writers, who through years produced solid and enjoyable books. Her efforts didn't earn awards or the recomendations of snobby critics. What they managed to do, time after time, is to give pleasure to numerous readers. Her series, set in picturesque Cornwall is full of delightful descriptions and colorful characters. This novel is an unashamed cozy with an oldfashioned feel. The, far too early dead author and the books that people don't write anymore. More is the pity.",
80050,__label__1,"questionable cortizyne: Tried this as part of my new ""modified"" eating & exercise lifestyle change-I did NOT find that this product provided any noticable aid in the control of cortisol-the result being belly fat- nor did I notice any ""Thermogenic"" effect-even tried doubling up the dosage at certain times-a fair price for the amount & convenience for the ingredient combination had it worked as anticipated BUT no benefits for me",
80051,__label__1,"Teach Tolerance, Not Lies: Promotes a self-serving theory that teens are becoming ""pan-sexual;"" encourages rejection of ""gender-categories;"" and that the ultimate goal for teens should be to feel comfortable having sex with either boys or girls. Irresponsible and damaging to teens who are navigating through normal adolescent experiences. No good can come from the oppressed becoming the oppressor, bending all to their beliefs. Why can't a boy feel close or emotionally connected to another boy without being labeled as ""gay"" or ""bi-sexual?"" i.e., Isn't it possible that a teenage boy who likes fashion is just that: a teen-aged boy who likes fashion? Why is a ""Gay is cool; straight is homophobic"" agenda allowed to predominate in the media? Reprehensible tripe. Teach tolerance, not lies.",
80052,__label__1,"Proofreader Died Half Way Through.....: A novel based on a Robert E. Howard character? It must be horrible, you say. I would almost agree with that. The authors here are probably most well known for their Red Sonja series. This story was very predictable and the ending was one large cop-out. Like a lot of fantasy i try to read: bland. And what makes it even worse is that halfway through the novel the spelling mistakes increase until there's almost one per page! Sometimes even multiple misspellings of the same proper noun on the same page!I would recommend this novel only for completists. But please! Put the PB in it's plastic sleeve and put it on your shelf. Look at. Don't read it. Instead, read the Howard originals.",
80053,__label__1,"Super Reader: This is rubbish. Very disappointing after the entertaining Red Sonja series. This starts off ok, after a wizard makes a sacrifice and tells Bran what he needs to do it descends through ordinary to atrocious.Bran is captured by a Roman sorcerer who then lets him go as a captive to Rome, to become, Holy Retarius, Batman! A gladiator. There he meets a Roman witch, and a wealthy shrewd gladiator runner who sees potential, yada yada.Often a minor character in his own book, there are a lot of Romans running around you couldn't give a shagging stola about.To top it off, the proofreading is rubbish, too.",
80054,__label__2,"The very best of the Dead: In My opinion, this was the very best of all of their albums. JG's rendition of Morning Due is unsurpassed by anyone including Robert Plants. Just a great song in a great album. I would have given it 5 stars but I don't care for some of the 'bonus tracks' that have been included.",
80055,__label__2,yes!: I love the sound of Garcia on his pre-humbucking '56-'57 Les Paul Custom. all of his specially made axes did not compare. This cd is worth it for that alone.,
80056,__label__2,"This album is finally rendered extremely listenable!: I was never a Deadhead. In fact I was somewhat despised by some due to my love of Iggy and the Stooges. I had much fun turning deadheads on to ""Raw Power"" at parties and watching their extreme reactions-(incredible how mad some would become-it wasn't all Peace and Love back then)-oh those High School Days! Anyway,I always had a soft spot for ""Morning Dew"" and ""New,New Minglewood Blues"" on this album but I always found the horrible LP sound to be unlistenable.I tried the original CD release and it sounded just as bad. So I got this remastered version and I love it. The sound is great and the bonus tracks like ""Alice D.Millionaire"" and others are incredible. I myself is for the most part a sixties music maniac nowadays with all the excellent releases in that genre and now this one can join the other fantastic garage rock and Psychedelia remasters,finally!",
80057,__label__2,"Love it: This purchase was to replace an old, long-lost copy. I've always liked their studio-produced stuff, much to the chagrin of some more serious aficionados. Every once in a while it's nice to hear a nice crisp rendition than to have to pore over tons of bootlegs to find just the one. If this doesn't plant you squarely back on the Haight, at least mentally, then nothing will.",
80058,__label__2,"Not quite Dead yet: I remember when this LP first showed up in record stores. I heard it but never bought it. The Rhino HDCD release with extra tracks makes me wonder why I didn't buy the album so many years ago. Not quite Dead yet, their signiture sound and style were not all there on this LP, but it is a nice listen nonetheless. And that's from someone who is/was not a Deadhead. All the Rhino Grateful Dead reissues have sounded refreshingly wonderful.",
80059,__label__2,"Great Zydeco Music from a Master: I bought Buckwheat's Zydeco Party back in 1988 and have enjoyed listening to it on a regular basis ever since. Not really totally Zydeco in the traditional sense, Buckwheat's alblum combines the best qualities of New Orleans Zydeco, R&B,and soul music.Buckwheat is a virtuoso on the accordian, but he also has a great voice. His backup band has just the right touches of horns and drums to fill out the jams and really make them a pleasure to listen to.Great, fun and danceable alblum that features exceptional clean production touches. At times the pace of some songs becomes so frantic (""Zydeco Boogie"" and ""Tutti Frutti"", for example) that you just start smiling and tapping your toes. It should compel even the most staid music listener to get up and dance.I wholeheartedly endorse it. Go buy it!",
80060,__label__2,"Love this disc!: This is the perfect ""album"" for both estalished Zydeco lovers and folks who just want to see what this music is like. The infectious beats, the instruments, the lyrics, all make this music to get you dancing (even if it is just in your chair at work). Try it, you'll like it.",
80061,__label__2,"THE PRICE IS RIGHT...: These are strong, sturdy corn grips that are durable and extremely comfortable to hold. The two steel prongs grip the corn firmly and do not slip or slide while in use. The holders are comfortable to hold no matter how hard you grip them and are suitable for use by the smallest hands, as well as the largest ones. They wash well and look new, no matter how many times one uses them. These corn grips are a very good value for the price.",
80062,__label__1,"Too big for corn dishes: Yes, their chunky grips make them comfy to hold. BUT, if you use corn dishes (you know, the ones made just for corn, so you can roll your ear in the butter, etc?) these will not work - since their so big they actually hold the corn high up out of the dish! If the ear can't reach the bottom of the dish then there's no butter/salt/pepper, which for me renders these useless.We prefer the Zyliss ones that also interlock (so no poking yourself digging them out of the drawer)!ETA 12/27/09: the link to the ones we prefer -Zyliss Interlocking Corn Holders, Assorted ColorsAlso, 2.5yrs later, ours are still going strong and showing no signs of wear whatsoever (despite being run through the dishwasher all summer long, every summer!).",
80063,__label__2,"Corn Holders: We have used the corn holders twice now, and so far they are holding up very well. They are easy to use and comfortable to grip. Time will tell how well they hold up washing after washing. That's the real test for me. The old yellow kind I have purchased repeatedly for the 33 years I've been married have been a waste of time and money. The little metal prongs always rust and then they fall out of the yellow plastic gripper and they get thrown out as trash.",
80064,__label__1,"Blind is not great: The Bamboo roll up blind arrived in decent shape. I wish the company had provided the locations of the hanger loops, and that they were adjustable. My windows have steel frames and drilling new holes requires a powerful drill with a special bit, and paying someone to come and do it. So I threaded heavyweight paper clips through the blind where the hooks are already in the window and the blind is hanging from those. I would give the measurements here, but you can order the exact size blind you want (a plus) so my measurements would not mean much.The blind itself is just OK, a little more see-through than the one I had before, and a lighter color than I expected. The cord broke on the old one and I regret giving it away, because it was a better quality than this one, and cords can be replaced from a hardware store.Not the happiest purchase.",
80065,__label__1,Terrible: Stay away from this. First week I blew the sub and they wanted $200 for a replacement sub that is not worth it. Much better subs for allot less money.,
80066,__label__1,"Terrible Customer Service - Do not buy this item: I purchased Athena Technologies subwoofer from a e-retailer, and Athena Technologies customer service refused to service the defective subwoofer. I am stuck with a $250 dollar subwoofer that doesn't even power up.",
80067,__label__1,"Incredibly awful, very sad: At this point in his career, I have no idea why Miles Davis was playing at all, except perhaps to make money. There's not a single composition on here that's worth hearing; hell, there's hardly anything on here that you'll remember five minutes after the CD is done. Sterile and brainless, this is perfectly representative of the albums he made up until his death. Miles, to be honest, is just going through the motions here. He didn't care about this album, and neither should you.Particular bile goes to the production, which is perfectly harsh and antiseptic, very 80s and very annoying.Overall, this is something no one should inflict on themselves, especially a Miles Davis fan. He had lost it completely by this point.",
80068,__label__1,"So, about that trumpet...: Miles' first studio album after a six-year retirement (though he had previously released the live double We Want Miles) is essentially an attempt to jump on the trends - this is more of an '80s funk record than a jazz album, especially displayed on the title track, with grating if smoothly delivered vocals. Which means this is mainly ponderous and trivial - take the extended ""Back Seat Betty"", which makes use of '80s guitar. Hide me. And too much of it is that insulting style we call jazz-pop which brought Kenny G. success- take ""Aida"" or ""Shout"". Not a stain on Miles' career, thanks to deep, lengthy grooves ""Fat Time"" and ""Ursula"". But one of his least creative.",
80069,__label__2,3 and a half stars actually: This disc and Decoy are his two best 1980's albums. This disc was released in 1981 and has some classic riffs that dominated his music during the end of his career.,
80070,__label__1,"Fat Time, followed by a lot of lean moments: Also known as his 1981 ""comeback"" album (his first recording in 6 years), Miles shows a lot of rust in his playing, and most of the songs indicate he's uncertain as to whether to go for a vintage '70's ""Get Up With It"" style or widen the appeal with forgettable pop songs.Only the opening tune ""Fat Time"" sounds assured. On that track, Mike Stern rips loose an incredible rock guitar solo that ebbs and flows perfectly, with Miller and Foster seeming to egg him on with strong support on bass and drums. Miles' muted horn before and after sounds a little weak, but provides a nice balance to Stern's fire.If you pay full price for this CD, avoid buyer's remorse by not letting the CD player go past track 1. Miles doesn't fully come back until ""Star People"" a couple of years later.",
80071,__label__1,"bitten by the 80s: Sorry- I don't really like this album. It sounds like 80s elevator jazz. If you want to hear some kickin' versions of some of these songs, get We Want Miles.",
80072,__label__2,"My girlfriend loves it...: I got this for my girlfriend a few years ago and she loves it. She wanted it mainly for Bust a Move, but she listens to and enjoys the whole thing. It put a huge smile on her face.",
80073,__label__2,"Learn New Testament Greek: I shopped around a long time and compared lots of beginner books before I finally bought ""Learn New Testament Greek"". There are many excellent resources to choose from and I probably overlooked some as well. Regardless, I am happy with my choice and am enjoying this book immensely. Follows a simple format, reminiscent of the Teach Yourself series.",
80074,__label__2,"Probably THE best book for the casual student: If you're a Christian who wants to learn a little Greek, this would be the perfect book to use. It doesn't overwhelm the reader with rules and paradigms but gives brief, straightforward explanations followed by LOTS of exercises. Most of the exercises are in columns with the Greek on the left and the English on the right making it simple to cover the answer while you translate, then check your answer immediately. In later chapters, Greek quotes from the New Testament are used in the exercises.One of the problems with this book is that some of the exercises refer you to the Greek New Testament (GNT) which means you'll have to buy a GNT to complete those exercises. Also, some of the longer translations don't have an answer key.Finally, if you want to become a serious Greek student, you'd probably want something a little more thorough than this.",
80075,__label__2,"A great way to practice basic vocabulary: As a beginner who is studying on my own ,I've found this to be great for practicing vocabulary in short sentences , instead of just rote memorization , which I find very boring . Also he uses made up sentences in the practice exercises which is good because you can remember scriptures after getting just a couple of words in the sentence , with made up sentences you actually have to translate it all . The only real drawback is Dobson does'nt really cover grammar , so I recomend a grammar such as Mounces Basics Of Biblical Greek In addition to this , for someone who's really trying to learn the language well . I wholeheartedly reccomend this to anyone studying on their own .",
80076,__label__2,"One of The Best New Testament Greek Books I've Bought: Simply one of the best. Put in a steady 20-30 minutes a day, and watch how quickly your NT Greek starts to improve. No use buying the book and just sitting it down. Repetition is the key, with this or any other book on a foreign language.Contains good explanations, good, clear, examples, and helpful exercises, giving enough repetition to instill the basic principles. A good start for anyone who wants to get a solid foundation in Koine Greek.",
80077,__label__1,Don't forget to buy the book too!: Would have enjoyed this tape more had I known it was to accompany the book. Now I guess I'll buy the book and tell you more later.,
80078,__label__2,"perfect for beginners: I tried several beginner's books on NT Greek before discovering this one, and I loved it. This is the one that made it all fun. After 5 years of study, I still enjoy thumbing through it.The accompanying tape is just OK, but good for gaining elementary oral fluency. I believe the pronuciation presented here is not generally considered correct but is still the pedagogical standard.",
80079,__label__2,"Best Greek tutor text you can find: I had known nothing about Greek before I picked up the book and started reading it, but within 30 mins, I had already memorized the alphabet, and was learning all kinds of words. The words you learn though are not in lists where you have to memorize them, he just puts them here and there in phrases and tells you what they mean. Within 3 days (30 mins a day) I was saying phrases and sentences, and within 15 days, I was reading paragraphs with ease. I've read many greek books, but this one tops them all with it's easy to learn style and it's fun way of learning. For learning Greek, Learn New Testament Greek was the best book I ever read.",
80080,__label__1,"Absence of accent marks makes learning Greek more difficult: I recently bought a copy of Dobson's Learn New Testament Greek. Having studied Greek before, I was surprised to find that the Greek words in this text have no accent marks. This makes learning the language much harder because you cannot be sure you are pronouncing the words with the accents on the correct syllables. I would recommend that beginning students of Greek look elsewhere, and make sure whatever book you purchase contains accent marks so you can learn to pronounce the words properly as you study.",
80081,__label__2,"And then there was YEllO: An album so good I dropped all of their contemporaries (Residents, Snakefinger). This album flows well, it takes you out there and then back with songs like Downtown Samba and Night Flanger. This is real pioneer work and therefore not all palatable like the latter stuff. However, I feel this one is the key to understanding the dynamics of all the other albums.",
80082,__label__2,the first is the best: This debut album is their strangest and weirdest- it runs the gammut of styles from trippy psychedelia to pseudo-reggae. Their later releases were more popular but this album is definitely the most creative. Also check out Claro Que Si and other Ralph Records bands for ultimate strangeness.,
80083,__label__2,"So relevant these days!: I was just listening to this album for the first time and thought I was hearing something totally contemporary. With electro being hot in the clubs, one can put on an early Yello song, and younger crowd would have no idea this was relaesed in the early 80s. Besides the fact this sound has made its comeback now, it also tells us that this band has created something timeless over 20 years ago. And it's not weird, it's art!",
80084,__label__2,"You gotta say YES!!: Yello are the pioneers of electronic music! Yes, they are weird... but the best thing is they're not conventional. Solid Pleasure is a journey into the experimental, jungle, space-world - a great trip! I also recommend: You Gotta Say Yes To Another Excess, One Second and Stella!Wish I could see them live!Vanbraun",
80085,__label__2,"THE COMMAND: Guy Madison was one of my favorites back in the 50s. ""The Command"" is one of the best of the ""B"" Westerns about the battles between the Army and the Indians for pocession of the western lands. Good action all around. It's unfortunate that I can't find, on DVD, one of my all-time favorite movies, ""The Charge at Feather River"". I think that was Guy Madison's best movie. Overall, this DVD is in excellent quality and the packaging was good. Service was excellent.",
80086,__label__1,"Eye Opening: This is a good book if you're looking into some insight into the possible experiences of gay Muslims in the US. However, this book graphically depicts severe physical and sexual abuse of a minor (Bilal) at the hands of his brother. So, be forewarned there. Also, I am interested into what sort of research Sulayman X conducted before writing this work as to my knowledge he is not Kurdish-American and converted to Islam in his 20's. Furthermore, the writing in this novel is very plain, the dialogue between characters is almost cartoonish at times, and parts of the plot seem simply unbelievable.",
80087,__label__2,"Pure Raw Untainted Funk: I got Breakestra's other albumHit the Floor, from hearing them on a Pandora[...] stream. While idly listening to classics of Funk, Motown and Soul like Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, and James Brown these guys popped up! I was very pleased upon purchasing that album and this album is just as great.It is just so pure. It is not tainted by the years of doing what sells, it is true to the roots it claims to be from.This is an honest journey into the past, a time warp refresh of funk and soul.I hope to see them live eventually, they are awesome!",
80088,__label__2,"great tool: we originally purchased only one some time ago and liked the tool so we bought another. as time went on the handle of the original purchase got messed up somehow. we looked at all of the kitchen stores and the spreader could no longer be found. i did a google search and found it so I bought two.it's great for spreading almost anything on bread, cakes, etc. what i like about it most is it's ability to grip a firm block of butter without slipping off. it has fine serrated teeth which work great.",
80089,__label__2,"OXO Spreader: Great spreader, very well made, comfortable handle and excellent blade. The blade is sharp enough that it can cut through a bagel.",
80090,__label__2,"Nice Kitchen Gadget: -Easy grip handle is great-Spread all kinds of foods very well-Alittle bigger blade than I like, but still very nice-Cuts wellGreat Gadget to have in any kitchen, dorm room or in break room at work.",
80091,__label__1,"Rusts: What exactly does stainless mean? How about dishwasher safe? I think that means you can put it in the dishwasher and it won't come out with rust spots, but that's what it does every time. Nice concept, cheap execution.",
80092,__label__1,"Mayonnaise makes it Rust!: Having read a few negative reviews, I was extra careful when I purchased the GoodGrips spreader one year ago. It never soaked in water, and it never saw the insides of my dishwasher. After using it three times, it rusted. The cause? Mayonnaise!With the exception of the serrated edge, the rust was easily removed with Barkeeper's Friend, which can be found at better super markets.",
80093,__label__2,Works Great: Bought one of these years ago at the local grocery store and finally found another one at Amazon. They work great in the kitchen!,
80094,__label__2,Great All Around Knife: It can be used in every detail of making a sandwich from slicing the tomatoes to spreading toppings on the bread. It is excellent for cutting and serving cakes and pies!!,
80095,__label__2,"Well formatted: The free kindle Poe collections that I tried has no table of contents or links and some serious formatting issues. This, however, for only $1 has a linked Table of Contents and perfect formatting.",
80096,__label__2,"Big n Sharp: This pizza cutter has a real big wheel and is extremely sharp when you get it. My wife cut one of those little personal pan pizza into eighths without removing the cheesy top part. It just cut right through. You may want to put the pizza on a cutting board, I have a feeling that in pan cutting will dull the blade eventually.",
80097,__label__2,"For my Wife: What can I say, she really likes this brand of pizza cutters, and was really upset when it came up missing. So, after trying to weasel the brand name out of her (""I don't know, it's like XXO or something""), I went to work and found it. Whether or not it's a great pizza cutter, I don't know, but it got me some ""good husband points"".",
80098,__label__1,"Squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaky and too big!: All I can say is SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAK!!! This thing has been used a lot -- probably 50 times in the 3 years we've owned it, but that's no excuse. It shouldn't squeak a really high, really loud squeak every time it rotates, regardless of pressure, tilt or speed. It's also ungainly and heavy. Yes, it cuts well, but it's not worth the hearing loss and awakened baby that occur each time we cut pizza with it. Trashed.",
80099,__label__1,Worked great until the handle fell off...: I received this as a gift from my aunt. I was impressed until several years into having it the handle fell off. I've since had other Oxo Good Grips kitchen utensils and they all have problems after a year or two...I don't think I'll be buying Oxo again in the future.,
80100,__label__2,EXCELLENT !: This item is just WOW. High quality the way it was made; cuts pizza excellently and no loose attachments like so many kitchen utinsels that fall off in the dishwasher & cause high cost for repair. A must have.,
80101,__label__2,"Solid and Heavy Pizza Slicer: I was a little concerned about this product after reading the reviews which indicated the unusual size. However, this pizza cutter is great. I have now used it on my own creation which I cook on a stone and on a pizzeria-bought pie that needed re-slicing. Cut through them both like butter. The size does not get in the way and you really don't even have to press down too hard because of the solid weight of this ""pizza wheel"". I am very satisfied but I removed one star due to the fact that the wheel/blade cannot be removed. It would have been fairly easy for Oxo to make this product with a removable blade for thorough cleaning and for ease of sharpening. I'm disappointed about this. If the bushing or rivet fails down the road, I will probably design my own removable replacement. Last but not least, I really appreciate the quality of Oxo products. I've got a kitchen full of them.",
80102,__label__2,"Don't be put off by the expense!: This is a brilliant device and the Daddy of pizza wheels, all pizza parlours should buy one or two they would save themselves a fortune! One spin across the pizza and it's done! no repeated to and froing or worse, finishing the job with a knife! It does not need sharpening either, just as well cos I am clueless as to how on earth you would do that job! Oxo brands are just really really good so start collecting now!",
80103,__label__2,Pizza slicer: The slicing ability and ease of use makes this a welcome addition to by kitchen utensils.,
80104,__label__1,"The not so greatest story ever made up!: Never have I read so much poppycock about Masonry by a Mason in all my life. The author claims that our signs grips and words have secret meanings which he attempts to explain but in doing so he decribes methods of giving signs that I have never seen in 25 years as a Mason! Then he attempts to give different meanings to the words but they have to be spelled differently, which he claims is due to the original oral tradition and Scottish pronuciation. I think this brother needs to go back to Lodge and learn the ritual over! Two thumbs down...",
80105,__label__2,"Girls Night Out: I had this CD before but after time it became scatched and was difficult to listen to. I happened to find this one at a great price so I bought it.I saw the show when it was on TV and unfortunately the last song, (It's Been A Hard Days Night.) Never made on the CD. I thought their verison was better than the Beatles.Anyway I still like the CD. Good music to play while traveling.",
80106,__label__1,"Cheap Cable- bad quality-Avoid: Cable was cheaply made. I gave it a try anyway. I used it as a cable for auxillary input of my stereo, never played with it once installed. a few months later, it is dead! Buy from a different place!",
80107,__label__2,Hooray for 12ft!: I can finally connect my stereo to my laptop and move my laptop more than a few feet away from my desk!,
80108,__label__1,"I never received this item.: I did not receive this item as of 2-13-10. The local post office said that they could not prove that the package was delivered, and said that they did not care, there was nothing they could do for me. I emailed the Jay at Citi electronics and he said that they would reship the order but as of yet I have not received it.",
80109,__label__2,What's Not To LIke??: The cooler arrived quickly and just in time to battle the summer heat. I needed more water during the day than my 1 gallon cooler could hold as I work out in the heat all day. The quality is very good and my water stays cold all day long. Good purchase!!,
80110,__label__1,"Bland Bullock: Sandra Bullock once again proves that she cannot handle a role with any depth. She is unconvincing as a tough detective. Her toughness just comes across as an actress reading a script. I suppose she got this role because she is listed as an executive producer, or something of that ilk.",
80111,__label__2,Great twists: I love almost all of sandra bullock's movies. this is one of them... great twists that keep you interested... i would recommend this to anyone who likes mysteries.,
80112,__label__1,"boring!: This movie is boring and pointless! There is nothing scary, shocking or even thrilling in this movie! Just a lot of wasted talent!",
80113,__label__1,"Not worth your time: I rented, I saw, I forgot in 10 minutes. This is all I can say.Boys are good actors (thus 2 stars), mrs. Bullock is, sorry to say, not.",
80114,__label__1,"Don't waste your money on this movie: The movie starts interesting, but has too many mistakes and non logical sequences. In a nutshell this movie is about two boys who commit the perfect crime, but Sandra bullock who is the detective ( And has a severe trauma do to an accident she had when young)and is in charge of this case decides from the beginning the two boys were guilty. I could not believe Sandra help produce this garbage. Bad movie, do not waste your money buying it.",
80115,__label__2,"Bullock does it again: Have got several of Ms. Bullocks previous films. This caught my eye for the story line, betrayal between friends when a murder they committed unravels as well as the underlying problems of Ms. Bullocks character having gone through an abusive relationship. Very good piece of work.",
80116,__label__1,"Not the most original film: ""Murder by Numbers"" is based on the real life Leopold-Loeb case of the 1920's and the 1948 Alfred Hitchcock movie ""Rope' although it doesn't credit either. The plot involves 2 upper class and intelligent students planning and executing the perfect murder on a random victim for the thrill and the challenge. In the real life case and the Hitchcock movie, the murderers are college students while in this movie, they are alledgedly high school students. The word alleged is used as it is obvious that Gosling and many of his classmates are in their 20's and haven't seen a high school for a few years there.The best thing going for this movie is the lead performance from it's star Sandra Bullock. She is good as the detective in pursuit of the twisted murderers but she has very little to work with here as far as the script, the cliched characters and the weak plot twists. She's a good actress but not a magician and this would fall into her lesser movies an",possib
80117,__label__2,"A Star is Born!: Murder by Numbers starring Sandra Bullock is an all-around engrossing crime drama. I wasn't expecting much from this movie before I watched it, the previews for it made this movie seem drab and less than thrilling but I was pleasantly surprised how actually good this movie is. First of all, Ryan Gosling steals every scene he is in, you could tell Gosling was on his way to bigger and better things. He is amazing as the creepy and high-school bored Richard. Bullock pulls off another solid preformance, I have been a huge fan of Bullock since While You Were Sleeping, she has great charisma in every movie she appears in. I highly recommend Murder by Numbers, you won't regret it.",
80118,__label__1,"Murder by bad screenplay: The plot was predictable and given away very early. The main characters are not well-acted and are not people you can feel ANY sympathy for. It flip-flops from day to night scenes, bad guys to good guys. It became ponderous and boring to watch. I just wanted it to be over and gave alot of thought to fast-forwarding to the ending credits. This movie isn't worth the time it takes to load the DVD player!",
80119,__label__1,"a reality check ?: The story seemed interesting, and I expected a much better film; it just kept getting worse as the film continued.Bullock's character was just too unbelievable; the only possibly credible characters would be the two high school students.Reviewer J.D. wrote a good review, much of which reflects my own thoughts about this film: editing and lighting were not as good as they could have been; directing was lousy. And indeed this film is not as thrilling as believed: it is really stupid.A total disappointment. Hollywood needs a reality check.",
80120,__label__2,"A Good Movie Hampered by a Bad Title: The title of this movie is misleading. It leads you to expect an Agatha Christie-style whodunit, whereas in fact this story is more of a realistic, edgy take on a Leopold-and-Loeb kind of murder.As in the real Leopold and Loeb case, a lot of the detective work here revolves around establishing who was instigator of the crime and who was mere follower. There are some interesting twists on our expectations.Paralleling the often reverse relationship between the killers is the reverse relationship between the male and female detectives on the case. Sandra Bullock takes the lead and doesn't stand around merely batting her eyes in admiration of her male's partner's prowess. And most unexpected of all, her male partner is quite willing to admire and learn from her competence.This is an intelligent film that deserved a better send-off.",
80121,__label__1,"Sandra Bullock in trouble ...: Not so much the movie, but here career apparently. Reese Witherspoon and Cameron Diaz must be scaring the hell out of Bullock and Meg Ryan cuz they stopped doing those perky comedies that they did well. Put them in something else, like this one, and whew is it tough to watch! Plus there are way too many holes in this one to really make it work. A couple of good moments, but a bargain rental at best.",
80122,__label__2,"Follow the crumbs: Sandra Bullock does a great job of playing a detective looking for a murderer. The clues are a bit to neat to suit her and she begins to look deeper. This movie was borderline Hitchcock style murder mystery and very smoothly done. Just a little stronger acting by Ben Chaplin and Ryan Gosling and it would have been a major hit. They do a good job but they are not the caliber of Ed Norton in ""Primal Fear"". If they were they would have got at least oscar nominations if not awards. I still think they turn in fine performances and were not appreciated. I personally think the whole movie was underrated. I think it improves with additional viewings. You begin to truly appreciate the performances and the story. A Hitchcock air about it that makes you think of ""The Rope"" and ""Vertigo"". I bought the DVD and I recommend it. Most fans of movies like ""Kiss the Girls"" and ""Along Came a Spider"" will enjoy it.",
80123,__label__1,"The numbers don't add up: Sandra Bullock as a hard-boiled homicide detective has a few hurdles to jump before the movie begins. This is one of those Leopold and lobe (spelling?) type partner thrill-kill situations to be solved by Bullock. Of course, all the other cops go with the trail of clues, while Bullock's hunches always see the truth. She has some inner-demons, but it wasn't very moving. The story has that feel of we've seen all of this before... and it was done better the last three times. This wasn't all that bad- it just wasn't all that good considering the star and the director. The criminals' story got old fast, and the believibility was strained by the end. Bullock's performance reminded me of Holly Hunter as a detective in Copycat where I never got over the mis-casting. Ok for a movie rental, but if I had seen it in the theater I might be more negative. I like the idea of Bullock trying more gritty drama, but she just doesn't cut it as a tough detective.",
80124,__label__1,"good premise-poor execution: The idea was good, two young high schoolers plot the perfect murder. Sandra Bullock plays the cop/profiler who disses shrinks and has serious issues of her own. Half the time Bullock seems slightly psycho and the other half totally confused. Her reaction in certain situations don't seem believable, like when one of the suspects catches her photographing him. She didn't act like a cop. I don't think she had a good handle on her part. Every character was a stereotype and the script worked too hard at shoving in twists and turns at every opportunity. Save your money...it will be on t.v. soon enough.",
80125,__label__1,Dumb and depressing!: This movie is so boring that I like literally found a cure for caffeine overload! Nothing is worth pointing out because there is virtually nothing worth watching iwth this film. Nothing else to say but that this crime borer is one to pass up.,
80126,__label__2,"Great Movie!: ...I found the critics's opinion to be totally contrary to my own after watching this movie.Murder by Numbers is a suspenseful drama that truely kept me on the edge of my seat until the end. It adresses the issues of trust and makes one question if they really know who their friends are. Two teenagers think that are invisible to the world and can follow through with the perfect murder. Little do they realize that they will be each other's downfall. The cast is well suited for the film, and Sandra Bullock does a great job playing a more serious role of a cop, who herself has an unmentionable past. This drama thoroughly enthralls it's audience and I would recommend it to anyone.",
80127,__label__2,great suspense drama movie: this is a well thought out movie with good acting and a good story. it has its twists and turns and entertains nicely. this is probably my favorite sandra bullock movie and ryan gosling did a great job in this movie. highly recommended,
80128,__label__1,Girl Power at the Expense of Society: This movie tries to force the viewer to sympathize and even praise the efforts of a detective who uses criminals to satisfy her feelings of revenge for injustices in her own past. Such are the ethics we admire?!,
80129,__label__1,"Dull and Predictable Thriller: Extremely boring and unconvinced crime thriller in which two psycho teenagers commited a murder just to prove to them selves that they are genious. But they have to confront smart police officer (played with no intensity by Bullock)who take up the investigation of the gruesome case. Predictable, dull and unsuspenseful. A waste of time, in fact.",
80130,__label__1,"Mandolin Abstractions: Some selections in this album are interesting, but for the most part, we didn't care for it. There is very little melody. We would classify this album as ""experimental"" music. I'm sure these pieces are hard to play on the mandolin, but the results are not particularly pleasant to listen to.",
80131,__label__1,Reaching Your Potential: Useful for those who need a hands on approach to understanding their personal and professional development.I personally found the exercises boring and too time consuming,
80132,__label__2,"Most accurate dream book I have ever read: Gustavus Hindman Miller is a brilliant author. He explains each dream symbol in complete detail so that the reader can interpret his/her dream with astounding accuracy. Mr. Miller exhibits a vast and deep erudition on the subject of dream symbolism, but in such a way as to be perfectly accessible to the interested reader. For the interpretation of each symbol, he draws on the immense library of the modern human consciousness in order to extract a dream experience that is common to us all.",
80133,__label__1,"More like a nightmare: I had great hopes that this book would help me decipher my dream about Mr. Bubbles in a spork fight with Chita Rivera at the Copa while I was playing ""Ooops I did it again"" on the bagpipes. However, this ""guide"" could offer me no help other than labelling me dangerously insane. Now honestly, what kind of help is that?",
80134,__label__1,"childish nonsense: the producers ofthis book are aboutas depraved as any I have seen inrecent recollection.If you enjoy reading 'fortune cookie' one liners and horoscopefiction, you might find a fewinteresting concoctions but don'tbet on it pitiful waste of paper!",
80135,__label__1,"VERY DISAPPOINTED to say the least: I prefer quality not quantity.The author needs to pay more attention to detail instead of barely touching the surface on so many dreams. so I suggest he writes a book on 5,000 dreams with a lot of detailed answers. I also suggest trashing this poor excuse of a book trying to Interpret Dreams. I have.",
80136,__label__1,"Dont waste your money: Having been given this book as a present by a well meaning family member, I am constantly irritated by it when trying to interpret a dream. The categories are limited and very outdated. Many modern conveniences are not listed. So you can't interpret them. The writer seems to have had a pre-occupation with young girls because almost every enttry ends by saying that : ""If a young girl should dream of .... "" and then goes into the most amazing complex series of what she should dream. There is no similar reference to similar meanings for older women or men of any age. I strongly recommend against buying this book.",
80137,__label__1,"10,000 Dreams: Seems fantastic, in some respects. Dreams are not as easy to interpret as many of the new age dreamweavers suggest. Readers of this book should balance the content against other compelling perspectives, e.g., DREAMS by KALLMYER is an excellent book which provides a scholarly, yet practical view that is sure to challenge the reader.",
80138,__label__1,"Don't waste your money: I have several books about dream interpretation and dream dictionaries and this one is the only one so far that I wouldn't recommend. First of all, it is poorly translated from German. Obviously translated by someone German who speaks english, and not the other way around. Its content seems out dated... as if written 200 years ago. If you are interested in dream interpretation, it helps to have sevaral books on the subject for cross referencing. I find all my other books on this subject pretty much consistant with eachother, but Gustavus's interpretations are limited to only a few...your dream means your are either going to get sick and die, someone is going to decieve you or you will be wealthy and happy. Don't waste your money on this one.",
80139,__label__1,"Don't give your power away to a dream dictionary like this: If I were in favor of burning books (which I am not) I would throw this one onto the pyre first. It is the most retrogade kind of dream dictionary. Instead of letting other people take your power away by telling you what your dream symbols mean, why not learn some fresh techniques for unfolding the messages for yourself? I recommend books like Robert Moss' ""Conscious Dreaming"" or Jeremy Taylor'w work, which stress the fact that YOU are the expert on your own dreams. In Moss' books, you are encouraged to go back INSIDE your dreams and gather more information, dialogue with dream characters and awaken to a larger reality. Why settle for a stuffy, fuddy, outmoded set of ""traditional"" readings when this HUGE adventure is waiting for you?",
80140,__label__1,"DREAM THIS!: I wasted my money. I was dissapointed to say the very least. Full of negativity, this book, just didn't do it for me.",
80141,__label__1,Extremely Archaic: Have used this book on and off for 5 years and have decided to trash it. You can tell that there are so many items that are from the early 10th century (I have no clue what some of the items within the book are just glancing around...) He doesn't interpret color or things that could be common (like a dress or a mop or washing a floor).,
80142,__label__1,"More like a horoscope than interpretation...: This book is more like a horoscope in that it gives you a list of items and events that occur in dreams, and tells you what your future may hold based upon their appearance in your dream. It doesn't explain what they might mean in a more concrete sense; what does it mean that you are dreaming these things, what issues do you need to address? What is weighing on your mind? Instead, it is much like going to a palm reader.",
80143,__label__1,"two thumbs down: Wast of money!! This book did not do it for me, it is so negitave you can almost predict what the interrpretation will be before you read it.",
80144,__label__1,"GOOD FOR PARLOR GAMES: I recommend Betty Bethard's Dream Book, isbn 0967979013, if you really are interested in dreams and their meaningIt has the same format, but it written intuitively by her You might discover that you learn more about yourself from this book than many others, which are often a conglomeration of others",
80145,__label__2,"Great Leaf grabber :): I Bought this to replace my little 1 1/4 inch hose. Cleaning out my basement while we are finishing it, nothing gets sucked up and it kept getting clogged. This has solved my problem. I have also used it to clean leaves, and dust/dirt out of my garage.",
80146,__label__2,Dizzying skill!: The Stars and Stripes Forever makes you wonder how only ten fingers can play all of those parts...single take (because its live)! The whole album is great listening. Do yourself a favor and pick up this classic. I had it on vinyl and thought it was lost to me until I found the cd on Amazon.,
80147,__label__1,"Oxo Good Grips Can Opener Fails to Please: OXO Soft-Handled Can Opener, Item # 28081. This is a hard-to-clean kitchen tool. Not all the metal parts are stainless so they get pitted and retain food particles. Also, the soft handles are not sealed onto the body of the can opener, so dishwater accumulates in them, and therefore so do rotting food particles, mold... you get the point. It is possible to pull off the handles and wash all the surfaces, but what a pain! And then, the handles wear and loosen so they start to slide when opening cans. After three months, I replaced the Oxo Good Grips Can Opener with aZyliss Lock-n-Lift Can Openerwhich, after six months, still works very well.",
80148,__label__2,"Best Ever: I purchased this can opener many years ago and loved it so much that I bought six more and gave them to family and friends that holiday season and it was a hit. I despise electric can openers that never work properly. This hand opener is dependable, sturdy and opens cans easily. I can't say enough. I now own two styles of oxo peelers and love them as well.",
80149,__label__2,"Easy to use but flimsy: I've been an Oxo Good Grips fan for more than a decade. When I finally allowed my rusty can opener to rest in peace, I was excited to find this can opener. But I'm less than impressed by its lightweight feel and loose bolts. I figure it won't be long before it wears out and I go back to Echo.",
80150,__label__1,"Can't open oddly shaped cans.: Although this is a fairly ergonamic and durable can opener, the oversized handles make it nearly impossible to open straight-edged cans, such as sardine cans.If you ever need to open oddly shaped cans make sure you have another can opener in the house.",
80151,__label__2,"Does the job and keeps on doing it: I've used mine for a few years and it hasn't lost its edge. I haven't used a can opener that's any better, and I've used many that were worse. The only possible gripe is that it struggles with tiny rectangular tins.POSTSCRIPT: Died in January 2003 after a slow decline! I guess I'd get another the same though it didn't last as long (nearly 4 years) as I hoped.",
80152,__label__1,"Rusts: This product had noticeable rust after the first few weeks. After a few months, it was so rusty it was hard to open and close. The other day it literally broke in two from the rust. We have not had it for that long. This product is total garbage, unlike most Good Grips products (esp. the super potato peeler).",
80153,__label__2,can opener: came highly recommnended--we both like it very much---would definitely recommend to other customers--great can opener--we always purchased lower priced can openers.,
80154,__label__1,Not a left handed can opener: I bought this can opener for my daughter who is left handed. This is not a left handed can opener and is exactly the same as the one we already had that is difficult for her to use.,
80155,__label__1,"one of the 5 can openers i broke in a year: i thought it would last but did not, the twist handle broke after trying to open a can of tomato sauce",
80156,__label__1,Mine broke after 2 months: This can opener worked great until the knob broke off. I only had it for 2 months. Nothing is made to last anymore :/,
80157,__label__2,"Does the job: Very smooth operation. My complaint is that I have already spotted a bit of rust, but careful washing and drying should alleviate the problem.",
80158,__label__1,"Finally time to throw it out: I have a philosophy that will not allow me to buy crummy tools. Tools for anything.... if they do not work or do not last, they are worthless. That's why I paid 14 bucks for a hand-operated can opener. Being an engineer I looked at the design and was impressed by the symmetrical (rather than cantilevered) hinge. I reasoned that this would make the opener sturdy and allow it to work as intended for a long time. IT DID NOT. This overpriced piece of trash DOES NOT open cans. There may be other uses for it but opening cans is not one of them. That's why I'm on Amazon today. I am throwing this junk out and buying 6 of the 2 dollar can openers. That should last me my lifetime and leave 1 or 2 to bequeath to my survivors. Yes it is making me depart from my lifelong philosophy (and that makes me mad) but it is in self-defense. I am hungry and I CAN NOT OPEN ANY CANS.",
80159,__label__1,"A Real Disappointment: This can opener is a real disappointment to us. We have happily used this brand on other utensils, but this one is sub-standard. The ""Good Grips"" slip off. This can opener stalls while trying to open a standard can of beets, and had to be reset and started again several times leaving beet juice splatters all over the counter. We returned this item for a refund.",
80160,__label__1,Rusted Solid: This was a great can opener...until it rusted. The gears ceased turning. But I liked it enough to replace it with the stainless version.,
80161,__label__1,"Worked great for six months, now it's a bummer: This was a great can opener for the first six months, and now it would be faster and more efficient for us to chew the can lids off. I went back to my old, rusty from-the-dawn-of-time opener, which still works great but looks terrible until I can find a decent replacement. The Oxo still looks fantastic...in the back of the drawer.",
80162,__label__1,"Bad ""Good Grips"": This can opener worked great for about 6/7 months and then quit. It said it was dishwasher safe, but it rusted. Even WD-40 couldn't help. Don't buy this one - unless it for a gift for someone you don't like.",
80163,__label__1,"Not much stainless steel in this one: Length:: 0:45 MinsWhen I bought this can opener a few years ago, it was labeled ""Stainless steel"". It has since been relabeled with ""stainless steel blade"". Most can openers have a stainless blade, so this is nothing special in that regard. It was used for about 2 years in a normal kitchen household environment with a good EPA-approved water supply (no salt, no private well, etc). Way too much rust for me.",
80164,__label__2,Best can opener I've ever owned!: I've had my Great Grips for over a year and wouldn't trade them for anything else! I like the big rubber grips which makes it easy to hold on to and opening a can is less of a struggle than it used to be. Once you've locked the cutting edge into the lid it doesn't slip out like some others I've had. I always hand wash my OXO and it still looks like brand new! I've bought the OXO Good Grips as a gift for my niece and nephew who are just getting started with their own kitchens because they deserve the best!,
80165,__label__1,"After about a year, handle is too hard to turn: Worked well for a while - but no better than the usual steel hardware store model. The shape of the turning handle may look appealing but it is not particularly ergonomic. Its sloping ends tend to encourage fingers to slide off.After a while (a year?) it is very difficult to turn the handle even when the can opener is not on a can. Essentially unusable. I am looking for a new one.",
80166,__label__2,"Safe, easy to use: Unlike most can openers, which threaten to slice your finger off/open while you're using them, this one is easy to turn AND easy to grip, with no sharp metal bits. So it works much better than any other can opener. You might pay more now, but it seems like this one will last much longer than the easily-rusted, cheap metal ones I've had before.",
80167,__label__2,First Christian Comedy: This book had me laughing from begining to end. Thank you for opening my eyes to another way God can be understood. I had not heard about Christian comedy before reading your book. And this was an eye opening experience.,
80168,__label__2,"Worth the time to read: While I initially found the character names silly, I have found this book entertaining. It has allowed me to escape into a world where I can giggle because some of the character's like Sister Ima Hellraiser are completely without common sense. Reverend Knott Enough Money's antics leave me giggling as well. Any time a novel allows me to laugh at the end of a grinding day, I think it has redeeming qualities so while this novel lacks the literary chops of Toni Morrison's or Alice Walker's work, it has the funny one finds in Tina McElroy Ansa's novels. So if you want to escape your daily drudgery and get a laugh, try this one.",
80169,__label__2,"Wonderful!: This book has all the scoop of so many churches these days. Her messages are very clear. Most are NOT focused on God, rather each other and gossip, greed and the list goes on and on. Thanks Mrs. Walker for the laughs and truthes.",
80170,__label__1,"Book Sister Betty: I hate not finishing a book. It was so awful, after the 5th attempt at reading it, I gave up.It was a book picked for my book club reading. uuggg!!!!",
80171,__label__1,Disappointing: This was my book club's August selection and it was not a good read. The author seemed to ramble on about nothing. I tried on several occasions to complete the book - but could not. I did not find it funny or entertaining. Hope the next one is better.,
80172,__label__1,"BORING: I found this book to be very boring. When I picked this up, I thought it would be a funny book about church characters. The church and its characters were a little unrealistic. I had a hard time finishing this book. I am glad I picked it up from the library instead of spending money on it.",
80173,__label__1,"So Sue Me: I am so sorry but this book was not good , funny or anything resembling the word GOOD. It was very silly and I thought juvenile for adult reading. This was a waste of ny precious time. I would not recommend anyone purchase this book.",
80174,__label__1,"Not Too Engaging!: Teachers in Touch had a difficult time discussing this book. Most of the members could not relate to the language used by the author and had a hard time finding the humor. One member actually liked the book and said she laughed through her reading. Overall, our ratings averaged 1.5, but we'll round up to a 2.",
80175,__label__1,"Couldnt finish it: I couldnt FORCE myself to read past chapter one. This is a horrible attempt at comedy. All the stupid names got on my nerves and the language was so juvenile. This is a pre-teen book. I will never read another book from this author again.I wish there was a rating less than 1 star, I wouldly surely give this book a negative 1 or less.",
80176,__label__1,"Sing Steve, Sing!: Yes Steve Wariner is a masterful guitar player but it was excruciating listing to this album knowing that I wouldn't be hearing his wonderful voice (except for one song). I love Steve Wariner as a music talent and he should never put out an album again unless he plans to sing too. I have to admit that many of the instumentals are soothing but it just wasn't the same without him singing.",
80177,__label__2,"the first live release: By late 1968, the Dead were in debt to Warner Brothers Records for more than 2 million dollars. Around this time, the first 16 track recorder arrived at Alembic. The band decided to ditch the 8 track recordings that they had been working on and head over to the 16 track. It was at this time that Jerry came up with an idea to help defrey the costs and pay off some of their bills by recording a live album. This album would be made up of three shows: Dark Star->Saint Stephen from 2-27-69 Fillmore West, The Eleven->Turn On Your Lovelight from 1-26-69 at the Avalon Ballroom and 3-2-69 Fillmore West for Death Don't Have No Mercy, Feedback and We Bid You Goodnight. This is a very good album and has become a legendary release for the band. The only problem I have with the remastered version is that Bob's voice is now missing from the end of Turn On Your Lovelight and it doesn't have the cool booklet that the original did.",
80178,__label__2,"strong live set by the ultimate jam band: this is recommended by many people as the starting point for prospective dead fans, though I can't think why. It seems better to start with American Beauty and Europe '72, but this album is definitely one of the ones you need to get. It is basically a good collection of early material played at an extremely long length, with fan favorites like ""Dark Star"" and ""St. Stephen."" Sometimes it seems like noodling, I am ashamed to admit, but it is GOOD noodling nonetheless. You should definitely get it if you are a new fan, and get a used copy because the newer HDCD versions aren't really that worthwhile, aka they aren't massively improved over the original cd quality. Also the bonus tracks are unecessary. Get this cd only for the original live tracks. And then be swept away into the dead jams!",
80179,__label__1,"Punish Your Teenager: After forty year's of trying to figure out how anyone listened to these guys without first ingesting illegal substances, I give up.This is the most painful 79 minutes a human could endure without a waterboard...no one in the band can sing, the lyrics are awful, and it never occurs to anyone to play in the same key or time signature as anyone else. If five drunk chimpanzees formed a rock band, this would be the result.Punish your teenager by making them listen to this album while sober. Explain that they are hearing what drugs do to the brain.",
80180,__label__1,"Not a Deadhead: Sorry I can't get into this or any other jam band for that matter. However, I did listen to this in its entirety a while back. The music meanders for a bit and then a few minutes into it Jerry Garcia decides to sing. It continues in this fashion for the rest of the album. This is signaled out as one of their best albums but still. The Dead were fans of Coltrane and admitted his influence (so did the Byrds but Eight Miles High is a classic song) but couldn't really absorb the aspects of jazz fusion in the way that say, Hendrix did. Basically you get a series of unfocused jams that wear you out. You kind of forget where the song goes and eventually the band remembers to return to the theme. The scary thing was how influential the Dead and this album were. If you're a deadhead, I doubt you will be swayed by this review but if you're not buy any 70's Miles album or Jimi Hendrix official concert albums and see that Live/Dead can't live up to its musical contempor",ries.
80181,__label__2,One of there early Best: I am a big fan of Psychedelic Music of the late 60s. So that being said you know where I am coming from. I am also not a country / folk fan. I'm a Rock & Roll Fan. So that being said I love the Dead from 1965 to 1969 and after that its hit and or miss.I like some of there later songs and some of there live jams.This is an Awesome !!! CD if you are into 60s Psych music.I consider this the Deads best Album right with Aoxomoxoa then Anthem of the Sun then Live Dead in that order there best four Albums.My reaction to Workingman's Dead and American Beauty (Both great Albums if you like that type of music) is this a Rock band? Where are the electric Guitars?Sorry I love the Deads early Rock Music.,
80182,__label__1,"Defective on Arrival: I purhased this in November as a Christmas gift. We just discovered today (12/29) that the product is defective right out of the box. (Total distortion in the left channel)Having just read through Computer Brain's return policies, I am not sure what resolution I will have on this.Will update this entry when that is known.",
80183,__label__2,"Fantastic 60's sounds: This album is a great insight into the acid test music and the dead play it well so relax, put in this c.d., and take yourself back to these awesome times.",
80184,__label__2,"Great African Sampler: Lively and danceable, fun African music: Soukous (Zaire/Ivory Coast), Juju (Nigeria), Highlife (Ghana). Some tunes are longer jams.But look for the Sterns pressing that includes two extra tracks, filling the CD with 79 minutes of music. That edition has a different cover: yellow border, with a graphic of two African dancers on a red background.This CD is volume 1. There is also a second volume, available separately, also from Sterns.",
80185,__label__2,"infectious african guitar music at its best: I had the double LP the previous reviewer mentions, and put it on cassette back then. LP is gone but I just listened to the cassette for the first time again in maybe 2 decades, having put my hand on a cassette player. Absolutely wonderful, joyful and infectious dance music that will have you dance around the room. For me, more than the rythm, it's the volubile guitar playing and their constant intertwining melodies that keeps swirling from the speakers that take the cake. Glad this cassette was still lying at the bottom of a drawer after so many years.",
80186,__label__1,"sad!: ordered this spider, never came in the mail...contacted seller and said one was on the way....never came.",
80187,__label__1,"Cheesy: Expected more from this flick by reading reviews. Couldn't find a place to rent it so I bought it, I was beat out of 10 bucks. You won't miss a thing.",
80188,__label__1,"Not what I expected: I was surprised. Surprised because I think I have seen that movie on late-night TV. I know, it's not the best review to hear, but if you see this movie you will believe it. I was expecting a movie that has a little more action; a movie that didn't look like it was made by a high school movie club. No, I'm afraid this movie is all that. I guess I can only expect this when I'm looking for the cheapest, interesting, movies.",
80189,__label__1,Too Sheer: DO not reccommend unless you plan to wear a t shirt or some kind of undershirt with this polo. :-(,
80190,__label__2,"Awesome Polo!: I absolutely love 5.11's clothing! These polo's are awesome! They're very comfortable, made out of quality material, and constructed perfectly. I have several of them and will buy more when I wear them out. Highly recommended!!!",
80191,__label__1,"Anarchist's Second Chance: A 19th century anarchist is given a second chance at life at the end of a 20th century.The premise is inventive and I wanted to like this, but...I got only partway through this before putting it aside. Parts were nice, but the crude and socialistic aspects were too much. This is definitely not for teens.",
80192,__label__2,"Good: Lots of great sources, background and commentary. Eclectic and almost unusable index, good variety of texts (not just the seminal ones) up to 190s. Perhaps it is best on Old and Middle English. Translations given up to and after Chaucer (thank God!). Some useful reproductions of original texts. A wonderful reference and resource.",
80193,__label__2,"A Pleasant Surprise: Prior to Mariama's (new Honeyz member, former Solid HarmoniE member) arrival, I was not a big fan of the Honeyz. Their music was a very bland mix of R&b and Pop. However, once they ""re-tooled"" themselves, got Mariama, and went into the studio to record two new tracks, they changed what was then bland R&B, into funky and cool Dance/Pop/R&B with flavor! ""Won't take it lying"" down is the second single of the ""re-tooled"" Honeyz, and this song is no exception to the new style they've taken. It's got a great sound, great vocals, great beat..and great message. Much better than anything female R&B groups you'd find here in the USA (including Destiny's Child and TLC). After listening to this song, you'll want to hear more from them, and hopefully we will!",
80194,__label__2,Fun for the prek-1st grade set: I shared this with my kindergarteners to much excitement. They were familiar with the jump-rope rhyme. It is an excellent jumping-off point for beginning sound discussions. Also the silliness keeps the kids laughing and later encourages them to think of their own ideas! My only down-grade would just be in case it is too silly for some and a bit far-reaching in some places for kids to get the humor. Still an enjoyable and pedagogically sound read!,
80195,__label__2,"Very cute: I thought the book was very well written with good characters and a strong emotional side to it. The main characters were funny and loveable but yet you could still sit there thinking, 'I could just deck that fool'. Overall the book was well written and very interesting.",
80196,__label__2,"Very funny, smart and sexy.: ""Baby I'm Yours"" is a lot more entertaining than the other book ""Be My Baby"". BIY keeps you guessing on Cat's next smart move. And in the end you have to give her credit for her ingenuity, forget the weak, cry baby female character, Cat is what I want in a heroine. It's easy to laugh along. I fell in love instantly to both Sam and Cat and took pity to Sam's frustration dealing with the resourceful Cat. The secondary characters, Bobby and Kaylee - Cat's twin sister are given enough portion for us to know and like them, and a sweet love story of their own. Susan Andersen really knows how to balance the actions among the characters. Keep up the good work.",
80197,__label__2,"Certainly a page turner: As a general rule, I'm a big fan of ""twin"" or mistaken identity plots in my romance books, so I was eager to give this one a try, even though I've never read a Susan Andersen story before.Overall I was impressed - mostly because of the way she kept the plot moving along. It starts off with a bang and never slows down. I was also a huge fan of the hero. Just tough enough, but not so much that he's a ridiculous jerk the entire way through.I didn't give it five stars, mostly because I wasn't really wow-ed by the dialogue. It fell flat a couple of times because it didn't quite reflect the chemistry that the characters had. Also, the heroine fell just a bit flat in my mind. She seemed to change personalities every other chapter, and I couldn't get a read on her enough to really relate.Still, for a fun read with a fast-paced plot, this one won't let you down!",
80198,__label__2,Baby I'm yours: i will read this again and again - also have a paperback copy on my bookshelf at home - -,
80199,__label__1,Clever: A clever sequence of love story mingled with action to drive the budding romance. Good line of ever-present humor and plausible story lines.,
80200,__label__1,"Don't waste your time unless . . .: Truly, this book was a total waste of time. I saw a couple of good reviews on Amazon and decided to try this author, because somebody compared her to Susan Elizabeth Phillips, who is a far better author by the way. The characters are shallow and underdeveloped. The storyline, which could have been played up more, was insipid. And the strangest characters kept running across the tattered tapestry of a weak plot distracing you further. If that doesn't get you, maybe the tone of this story will do it. Some said it was sassy, I say it is silly and base. Find a better romance writer, some suggestions include Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Linda Howard, Judith Mcnaught. This is my last book by this lady.",
80201,__label__2,"Definite Five Stars: Between this book and ""Be My Baby"", Andersen has gone on my automatic buy list. There are very few writers who can pen a hero as well as Andersen. In fact, only Susan Elizabeth Phillips and Linda Howard come to mind.I was shocked to see some of the bad reviews this book took on this site. ""Baby I'm Yours"" is a fresh, innovative, sexy, hilarious, light-hearted romantic comedy. If you like to laugh, and if you enjoy reading about feisty, quirky heroines who bring strong, primal males to heel, then this is the book to purchase.There's nothing quite as nice for a reading enthusiast as finding an author who can make you smile.",
80202,__label__2,"A fun,fast,sexy ride: This was my first book by this author.I lean toward romatic suspense, but I really enjoyed the verbal banter between the leads. I recommend this book for anyone looking for something fun. Also try her new one Be My Baby!",
80203,__label__2,"fun to read, hard to put down: The story line is unreal-but hey- I don't read this kind of book for anything but pleasure. After a hard day's work, it is an indulgence that screams ""I am worth it"". The sex scenes were nice and hot! I would definitely try to read other books by this Author-but I don't think she has any others out yet. But, I will keep my eyes open for them. So, if you are looking for a great book to unwind with and put a smile on your face, then buy this book!",
80204,__label__1,"Awful!: I thought this book was awful. It was tacky, and difficult to read. Only because I paid more for it than most romance novels, almost $7.00 - did I torture myself by forcing myself to read it. It did not get any better the farther I read. It was really stupid, and truly an awful book!",
80205,__label__1,"she is no susan elizabeth phillips: this book leaves a lot to be desired, i can barely finish it.i dont think i will be reading this auther again",
80206,__label__1,"Blech! Zero Star for this drivel: Obviously everyone has a different opinion of this book, so I'm exercising my right to put my .02 cents in.This was obsolutely the worst romance novel I've ever read. I can not respect any man who's a cop wanna-be, sorry. He's obtuse (won't listen to heroine explain he's got the wrong girl), cheap, calls his best friend Gare (short for Gary). I mean what man would call Gary Gare (a woman might).We read romance novels to escape. I just wanted to escape from this hero. My skin was crawling by the time I finished this book.In fact, I am done with this author, I bought a whole bunch of her books because of all the glowing reviews, but I just can't take it anymore. This was her third book I read and I was not crazy about the first two, either, but this book does it for me. Fini.",
80207,__label__1,"Silly plot, shallow characters, foul language is distracting: I kept reading this book against my better judgement. While it moved fast, I did not find the characters appealing or sensitive. In fact, they seemed cheap and certainly went well with the venues of the story. This book may appeal to those who like the tabloid talk shows, but to the readers who enjoy the gentile and refined characters of the more classy romances, this book is NOT for you.",
80208,__label__2,"Funny,Funny, Funny!: I loved this book. I read romance novels to escape the real world and this was just the book. The characters were unique and the dialogue hysterical. The situations were not realistic but they were fun! This is the best book so far by Susan Anderson and I look forward to more!",
80209,__label__1,"A little over the top: Hi! This book had potential apart from the... title, and so could have been better. The annoying thing about books like these is when they get a little bit too excited in their drum-beating and flag-waving. The principles that the book celebrates are real and important. But one attitude displayed prominently in is the conceit of falling into the trap of thinking we are the only democratic or free nation in the world. Other very successful democracies also uphold and illustrate important values and democratic and egalitarian ideals.Read books like this, but read them with an open and enquiring mind, and try not to be isolationist (or elitist) when you celebrate our American conceptions of democracy - otherwise you are in danger of betraying those very values!",
80210,__label__1,"Disappointing attempt for a valid project: The original American experiment with democracy was a brave and intrepid one, with amazing results. The spirit of the pioneering Moms and Dads and later waves of immigrants and the pragmatic values they contributed have built a great nation over the past several hundred years. Cataloguing these values is an important project.Sadly this book disappoints. It is overly biased and provides an uncrtical and overly romanticised version of America that is insular, proud and superior - and that is not a very American or democratic message at all!!I do not recommend this book to people trying to get in touch with their individual American spirit.",
80211,__label__1,"Terrible: Boring, trite, rushed. These talking heads just seem to churn out books for the payday, but there's no substance behind it. This book was awful. It was so bad I actually got angry. I feel ripped-off.",
80212,__label__1,"A big ego but nothing to say: What could I expect from the host of a cable tv show who spends the bulk of his time shouting over his guests rather than engaging in any kind of meaningful dialogue. There's little of interest here: a re-warming of Matthew's rather tepid intellectual history of the American way. The Gore ""analysis"" is incredibly insipid and I have no love for Al Gore. Avoid this at all costs. It's a complete waste of time.",
80213,__label__1,"History for ...: Matthews' book is for people who know absolutely NOTHING about American history. ... I consider this book a total waste of money!!He pulls books, movies, some extremely biased and simplified American ""history"", and certain American ""heroes"" from his own past and presents them as having been the KEY factors in forming what we consider to be the ""American psyche"".What amazed me is all that he left out -- the many historical events that truly shaped America. If Matthews has any in-depth knowledge of American history, he failed to reveal it here. Further, his simplification of the forming of the ""American psyche"" is laughable.Although 200+ pages in length, the book is an easy one-sitting read -- I read it all last night. Why? The pages are small in size and the print is large and widely spaced. It could have fit into a 50 page book of normal size and print.In short, don't waste your money.",
80214,__label__1,"RIPPPPP-OFFFFF: Did Chris M. need money for purchase of Christmas presents????One would expect Chrisy to posess a more meaningful depth of knowledge regarding American historical notions.Recommended reading for Chrisy is ""A THREAD ACROSS THE OCEAN"" from which he may gain a ""notion"" about American notions.",
80215,__label__1,"Skip the book, get the audio: I enjoyed hearing Matthews on the G. Gordon Liddy show discuss this book so much that I bought it. Well, I read Stephen Ambrose's final book just before this one and found Matthews' somewhat lacking. The two books are essentially the same in their goals, short essays on important highlights in American History. Some of the same topics are covered in both books. Ambrose just did a MUCH BETTER job. Ambrose was a skilled writer and Historian by trade, Matthews is a gifted gabber. So my suggestion is to listen to Matthews on Audio, but buy Ambrose's ""To America: Personal Reflections of An Historian"".",
80216,__label__1,"Don't Blame Matthews: Don't blame Chris Matthews for this tripe. He has to make a living somehow, and it's become the standard m.o. for manic political cranks on television to churn out these hastily written tomes about ""grand American themes."" These books have become a genre unto themselves, featuring, invariably, a big glossy photograph of the ""handsome tv host"" along with the words ""liberty,"" ""freedom,"" and ""America"" in combinations limited only by the imagination of Fox News. If one criticizes such ""works,"" you are, by definition, a ""blame America first elitist."" So don't even start.I don't criticize them myself because they are beyond criticism. It would be like critiquing the picture menu on a fast food establishment's cash register. It works, doesn't it? The pictures are easy to identity. The familiarity is comforting. What could be wrong?",
80217,__label__2,"sunnycarcinoid: I recommend this book, it is only 200+ pages and very well documented. It could be very good resource material for a civic class, American history class, and should be required reading for American's. This book is NOT negative, but delves into why we are like we are and not like anyone else in the world. Chris comes up with ten, uniquely American notions and they are very interesting. IMHO (in my humble opinion) this is very worthwhile reading! Senator John McCain is one of his contemporary examples, but Chris goes back to before the Revolutionary War for other examples.",
80218,__label__1,"American History Lite: This book is alot like light beer. It satisfies somewhat, but after consuming it, you wonder why. I like Chris Matthews, because I think he tries to be fair to both sides on his TV show. I read to learn new things, and regretfully I learned little from this book. This book tries to tie in history, famous figures, and movies. Well, I suppose there is something to this, but history is history and not stories in movies. The other tenet in this book is the characteristics of Americans that make them different from the rest of the world. Again a long stretch. People are people, and Americans are no more unique than others in this world.I think highly of Chris Matthews and his first book Kennedy and Nixon. This just wasn't a great book. There are more deserving books out there.",
80219,__label__1,"American Civ for Dummies: Chris MATTHEWS' latest ""book,"" once again, is small format, large type with wide margins, lots of blank pages, and pictures. 208 pages, 25 lines per page, 9 words to the line. He said on one of his snake-oil sales interviews that ""The word 'I' NEVER APPEARS."" It was a fantastic assertion coming from this ego-maniac---and---it's a lie. The infernal ""I"" is there from the Prologue and Chapter 1 on. The whole thing is a re-hash of selected cliches in American Civilization 101 courses out there. And, sublimating his 3-years' hit-job on Al GORE here, without the ""I"", his slant on President GORE in the 2000 Campaign was that this was the time for a Common Man and ""there wasn't one"" and that ""most people voted for him but they didn't want to hang out with him for four years."" At least this weak product isn't on the best seller list---yet.",
80220,__label__1,"History for dummies: I bought and read this book based on the rave reviews given to it on the Don Imus radio show. What a HUGE mistake!The book is, quite simply, ""history for dummies"". If you know absolutely NOTHING about American history, then you might enjoy this book. Matthews simplifies everything and accepts at face value the myths and inaccuracies of American history usually taught to grammar school students. Quite simply, the book has no depth. (And I suspect that Matthews' knowledge of American history has no depth either!)As a Civil War ""buff"" of some 40 years (with a keen interest in America going back to colonial times), perhaps I was expecting too much from Matthews. I did not expect a comprehensive history in so short a book, but I expected some substance -- but there was none. If I were Matthews, I would be ashamed to have my name associated with it.Save your money!! This book is garbage.",
80221,__label__1,"A Self Righteous Blowhard: Just because Bill O'Reilly wrote a successful book doesn't mean you can do it too and make sense.I had to stop reading this half way through because I am so tired of hearing him plug his book on his show EACH day.Mr. Mathews thinks he is so in touch with ""American"" values and gets so carried away in his ""theories"" that he drifts off into a fantasy world of self righteous American pride and loses his reader.If I want to read about American history I'll read David McCullough or Gore Vidal. Maybe even Pat Buchanan, but certainly not Chris Mathews. He should stick to his ""talking head"" shtick.",
80222,__label__1,"This Book Is the Reason Why The World Hates Us...: Unbeknownst to Chris Matthews, it is possible to love America and yet criticize the horrendous contradictions that America represents. The greatest democracy held blacks in chattel slavery. The country that is ""slow to fight"" sure didn't demonstrate that when fighting Mexicans in the Mexican American War or even Vietnam. And someone needs to tell Chris that Hollywood is MAKE BELIEVE,I resent this book because it is intellectually dishonest. It is jingoistic, xenophobic, and cloaks itself in empty patriotism. And I think it was Mark Twain that said it best: Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel. Mark Twain was right and this book proves it.",
80223,__label__1,the spin STARTS here: More boring drivel from the man with the lowest rated program on cable news (even lower than Donahue!). Do yourself a favor and read something worthwhile.,
80224,__label__1,"Blow-hard blows hard: Chris Matthews is beyond doubt the most annoying person on tv, and his writing style is identical to his huffy, overwrought tv style. This is a worthless book, written by someone who needs to be put out of his misery.",
80225,__label__2,"easily the best: If you're deciding on which version to get, I definately recommend the LA cast. I understand Damian has a weak voice, but honestly, what do you expect. Do you think the bible version of Joseph was a teen pop star?!? What a joke! Some say Damian is too breathy, but, remember, it's not just a vocal performance. He was fitting into the character. I'd like to hear your voice after being locked up in a prison cell awaiting your death! If you're going on amazing lead singer, knock yourself out, get the Canadian version. Listen to that awful narrator til your ears bleed. If you're looking for the whole piece: good acting, good vocals from EVERYONE in the cast, and an enjoyable CD, get the LA cast.",
80226,__label__2,"Kelli Rabke and Donny Osmond!: This CD is great because of Kelli Rabke. She is BY FAR the best Narrator on any ""Joseph"" recording. Michael Damian makes this recording weak. I seriously tend to skip his tracks. If you want to hear a GREAT Joseph, get the Candian version with Donny Osmond. He's amazing! It's too bad Osmond and Rabke couldn't be paired on a recording together. If you're looking for a good female voice to sing to, though - a good Narrator - look no further than this CD.",
80227,__label__2,"Enjoyed the CD: After seeing the play this summer I needed the CD. I bought one for me, and one for a friend. Good purchase.",
80228,__label__2,"The Best Joseph: This is the first of 4 versions of Joseph I own. In my opinion the best the theme songs are not over emoted, Kelli Rabke is very strong as the narrator and Micheal Damian is exceptionally strong in the lead role. I have listened to this version hundreds of times and and it always my favorite. The ensemble is just that a very strong supporting cast for the principles with no one seeking a star turn. I find Michael Damian much more to my liking than Jason Donovan and a more in character performance than Donny Osmond with the Canadian Cast.",
80229,__label__1,"Do not buy this version!: I bought this cd because it was the only one the store had under ""Joseph"", so I brought it home and listened to it. It was horrible! The Narrator's voice is way too high and shrill and you can't even hear the beauty of the music. All the songs are like that, the actor's voices are terrible. if you want the best version of Joseph, buy the 1982 original BW cast. Believe me, it's worth it. Don't waste your money like I did on this version, it's the only Broadway album I've ever had to give away. Bleh!",
80230,__label__1,"Good voices, but.....: If you like good singing and good voices, this may be the CD for you. If, however, you like Broadway cast recordings for the acting and emotions, you might want to skip this. If this were my first introduction to this play, I'd no doubt wonder what all the excitment was about. Everything is a little too ""bubble gum"" for my taste. Very little emotion can be felt in the singing. Robert Torti as Pharoah is about the only standout.If you want good acting with your singing, try the video tape version. It has much more depth of sound and feeling than this one.",
80231,__label__1,GO FOR THE ORIGINAL CAST!!!!: Why did they have to ruin this show by making this recording? If you are considering buying it- DEFINATELY get original cast. They (for some reason) decided to put the show to a be-bop style and rap a few lyrics here and there. It doesn't suit this wonderful work of art. The female narrator made me want to throw a tennis ball in her mouth to make her shutup! The original male narrator is very good and they should have have never changed it for recent productions. The female is like fingernails on a chalkboard in my opinion. If you are an ALW fan- Joseph is a must for your cd collection but not this recording- skip it!!!!,
80232,__label__2,Joseph - The best recording: By far the best recording I've heard and definitely the best vocal - and I've seen this musical more than I'd care to admit!,
80233,__label__2,"One of the best musicals: This is actually the second version I've heard, but I think this is better. It is my second-favorite musical, just under Jesus Christ Superstar, by the same music/lyrics team. I recommend both of them.",
80234,__label__2,"Odor Eliminator: I was introduced to this product in the hospital when I had back surgery. I used it a home and found it to be the most awesome clean smelling product I had ever found. And, it eleminated odors with one spray not a cover up. I've supplied friends and family with this product. I can't say enought about it.",
80235,__label__2,Medi-aire odor elimator: I have used this product before and know it works great!! I have recommended this product to many people. It really works!!Thank you!,
80236,__label__2,Eliminate !! Don't Cover Up !: I was introduced to this product while visitng a friend in the hospital. Was amazaed at effeciency produced by just a little spay into the air.At home we are blessed to have multiple bathrooms. Durning vacations on land or by sea I would not want to travel without Medi-aire. Why? Odors just happen. But Medi-aire ELIMINATES odors quickly and efficently. The 8oz refiller bottle may look small but it is mighty. Just one tiny pump does awy with unwanted odors leaving a mild scent.,
80237,__label__2,Good quality: it is good quality wire. works fine no issues just ran about 20 feet of it. the only reason its not a 5 star is because it doesn't separate very easily. I had to cut it at the ends to separate it.,
80238,__label__1,"crappy wire (NOT 12 gauge): I just got this speaker wire alonge with Pyramid's so called 8 gauge power wire and was disappointed in both. This is not 12 gauge wire (closer to 16 gauge)and there 8 gauge power wire is actualy 12 gauge according to standard wire strippers. I do not recommend this wire ,it is way thinner than advertised.",
80239,__label__2,"Good for the price: It is good quality speaker wire. Not much to say. Price is low. Wire is well twisted. Jacket is thick enough but still flexible.My only complaint was the wire feels smaller then 12G, I am guessing it is closer to 14G but for the amount of current I am running it is fine. I have not measured to be sure. At this price it is still cheaper then many 14G wire out there.",
80240,__label__1,"oh no, another anti-government book: If you are a homeschooler with a deep mistrust of your government, then this is the book for you. I make that statement as a homeschooling mother, myself. The basic premise of the book may have a small amount of credibility,(yes, Stalin murdered lots of people, too.)But to make outrageous claims like, ""The Jewish Holocaust gets the publicity because it is regarded as the justification for Jews to have a Jewish State (Israel) in the Mideast."" (pg. 36), and, concerning Pearl Harbor, ""Few are willing to face the possibility that the President and his cronies planned it all."" (pg. 162), really show the author's bias.In short, if you are looking for a book with facts and the whys and wherefores of WWII--this ain't it! Look somewhere else.",
80241,__label__1,"absurd view sprinkled with real facts: The premise of this ridiculous book is that the U.S. should not have fought World War 2 because Stalin was worse than Hitler. Book might impress some grammer school children who have not studied much history, but will not be taken seriously by anyone that has any real knowledge of the subject or is not a neo-nazi crazy person.",
80242,__label__1,"Don't Waste Your Money: This wine bottle opener is a real disappointment. I noticed it is no longer in stock here, but felt the need to warn people about this item. The bottle opener piece works in such a way that if you screw in the cork all the way (like you are suppose to with this particular model) it will punch through the bottom of the cork every time and you will get cork in your wine. The only thing good about it is that it lines the corkscrew up with the center of the cork, but that doesn't really matter when you are drinking or picking cork out every time. On the side of the corkpull there is a round little sharp piece to cut the top piece of the bottle to get to the cork. Nice idea, but it doesn't work. It's not sharp enough and there is no way to sharpen it. Plus it is too close to your hands when you pull on the handle that you might even cut yourself. Stick with the old fashion cork screw. Don't waste your money on this wannabe fancy one.",
80243,__label__1,"worked for awhile, but...: I agree with the previous review about cork-punctures... happens all the time. Worse, however, is the fact that after a relatively short period of time, the inner workings of my particular model broke, leaving it useless. When it was still operational it worked well enough, but the fun didn't last long. As a result, though even Consumer Reports rated this item very good, I'd have to recommend against it.",
80244,__label__1,"College Text.: I did not care for the way this book presented the facts. Just a boring read. I must admit, I bought this book only because it was required for class. But even my professor was not 100% satisfied with this book and this is what he specializes in.",
80245,__label__1,"Impossible read: It was required text - wish I'd found it used because I will never read it and won't recommend it. Maybe I can sell it at a yard sale to some unsuspecting soul. It's dry and extremely intellectual (disclaimer: I consider myself of above average intelligence and am interested in globalization). There's not an interesting sentence in the book. A total waste of money and I let the instructor know. He only had us read the first chapter anway...a smallish paperback not worth the big bucks it cost.Debbie, Illinois",
80246,__label__2,"The next Paolini???: Let me just say I was astounded by the fact that this kid wrote this book at 12. It's a very good story line and I was hooked the moment I picked it up. It was among one of the best books I've read, HOWEVER you could tell that he was not an experienced writer. It was good nonetheless so I would recommend it.",
80247,__label__2,"Edge of your seat book!!!!: My,My,My this book is so awesome I give hecka props to the teenaged author, she is so very talented. I'm 13 and i never finish reading a book i stop in the middle but i got it a friday night and finished it sunday night I HIHLY RECOMEND THIS BOOK ITS WORTH YOUR MONEY!!!!!",
80248,__label__2,"Very funny: This is a perfect book for teen readers. While the book itself isnt perfect, the heavy dosage of action, wit, and sarcasm, make this a great read especially for teens. With great characters and a sequel to come, this is a great book for teens and younghearted adults as well.",
80249,__label__2,"Quite impressed by this young author: It reminded me of the good old days of being a kid. You know doing nothing, cracking open favorite book, reading until dark. Arianna Kelt, written by J R King when he was twelve truly captures the sense of wonder and atmosphere of a classy adventure story, the kind any kid or any one who is young at heart can truly enjoy. I was really impressed with King's writing skills. The story was outstanding, and I suggest you buy this book. Full of action, imagery and solid description, you'll feel like you are there in this wizarding universe with Arianna and her friends. The sequel,Arianna Kelt and the Renegades of Time (Deluxe Edition, Wizards of Skyhall Book 2) (Wizards of Skyhall), is equally as good if not better.",
80250,__label__1,"Warning for fake reviews!: Hello,The case of ""Robert Stanek"" has been very interesting as a avid fantasy reader. Stanek created +300 fake accounts on amazon which he used to promote his own books on forums, write fake reviews, and for some reason posting lot's of 1-star reviews on authors books including Patric Rothfus. While doing a case study about theese fake accounts and listing them up I found something funny, all the 5-star reviews on this book was actually done by Robert Staneks fake muppet army. So be warned about buying this product!",
80251,__label__2,Pretty darn good!: My 13 year old is pretty picky when it comes to books but this one he enjoyed and I must say I did too. I was surprised this was written by a teen author --- what great talent for someone so young. I recommend it with caveats of: not perfect but huge fun to read.,
80252,__label__1,"Doesn't stack up: This was obviously written by a very precocious 12 year old, but a 12 year old just the same. Amazing for her age, but the lack of a plot and the immaturity of the writing is obvious. I would recommend buying books by Angie Sage, Jonathan Stroud, Brandon Mull, Jennifer Allison, Elizabeth Haydon, Diana Wynne Jones and so many others writing in this genre instead.",
80253,__label__2,"Fantastic Book!: What an incredible story Wizards of Skyhall is! It's filled with lush detail and such an interesting plot and complex characters that the final chapter leaves any reader hungry for the next book. The author started writing this book at the age of 12, and did an incredible job. The story is about a young teen named Arianna, who lives in an orphanage and is always getting into trouble. One day, while out in the city, she sees a strange man in a poited hat and thinks to herself ""Does the fool think he's a wizard or something?"" and it turns out it is a wizard she sees, only no human is supposed to be able to see wizards so she is taken to Skyhall, where the wizards live, and put on trial for being a wizard seer. It's funny, and mysterious. There's tons of action too especially when Arianna begins her ""training"". This is an incredible book. I find myself looking forward to the next installment more than any other book.",
80254,__label__1,A VERY SHORT BOOK: This is a rip off forf the price of $15.00. It is only 144 pages long with very large type and margins. So really it is maybe 70 pages if it were a real book.Other things I don't like:VERY BAD cover art - my classmates picked on me about it when they saw me reading it at schoolnot much of a plot - just a lot of pointless battlesthe characters are not too original - you could tell this was written by a 12 year oldfor a good book about a child wizard (besides Harry Potter) is the Wizard of Earthsea by Le Guin.,
80255,__label__1,"""discerning social gathering wants & expects to hear..."": ""discerning social gathering wants & expects to hear..."" ""the sophisticated private domain for the well-heeled, uber cool society...""Please don't buy it... The music contains full of pretentious French lyrics and the beat is flat. It runs on and on again ...It is really boring music. I think the dj tried so hard to be in the scene and he impresses no one at the end.",
80256,__label__2,"Not a real band, but better than a lot of them: I have been a devoted fan of Spinal Tap, both the film and the phenomenon, for years upon years. I was fortunate enough to see Tap play live, and even though they are ""just"" actors in character, they put on a fun and rocking show... Nigel's guitar solos were so long that the rest of the band went out for sandwiches and a massage (seen on the video screens) and he finished off by propping one guitar up on a stand and shooting it with darts from across the stage, and as for ""Stonehenge"", well, Derek said it all when he stopped the song mid-way and shouted ""it's not too big, your building is too f**king small!"". Musically, they are just above competent, but this music is so much fun to listen to. They really skewered the cliches of 60's 70's and 80's rock.Final note: When I saw them at the Universal Amphitheater in L.A. in the early 90's, a mosh pit formed. A MOSH PIT! Kids... they don't get it.",
80257,__label__2,"*********** (eleven stars): A retrospective of one of the truly great bands of all time. However, I must mention that there are no selections from the albums Spinal Tap Dancing (K-Tel, 1987), their tribute to Broadway musicals, or Who's That Tap-Tap-Tapping on My Spine, the bootleg of their legendary 1979 Halloween show at Urquhart Castle in Loch Ness.",
80258,__label__2,"Shearer brilliance.: Of course we must also give credit to Christopher Guest, Michael McKean, and Rob Reiner for the best parody ever. Even if it weren't, it would still be just as funny. Or maybe it isn't. Wouldn't that be really funny?",
80259,__label__2,"great tallent it worked: Lead singer of spinal tap is in fact lenny from the late 70s ""Laverne & Shirly"" pay att. do some research read the cd. Originaly started as a joke later realized they had tallent. ""prove me wrong""",
80260,__label__2,"A parody that hits too close to home: Like others have said before me, the songs on here are too good to be parodies. I think about the music I listened to in the 70's and there just isn't that much difference between that music and Spinal Tap. Not that it was limited to that decade; listen to the Cult's ""Fire Woman"" or ""Love Removal Machine"" and compare it to Spinal Tap - not a lot of difference. If you grew up on Black Sabbath and BOC and have a sense of humor then this is for you. This recording has the pre-Tap Thamesmen song ""Gimme Some Money"". If you want to hear the pre-Thamesmen Originals song ""All the Way Home"" (sung acapella in the movie) look on the ""Break Like the Wind"" recording. Pair this one up with the Rutles' CD for two parodies that almost trump their targets.",
80261,__label__2,"Yes.: I spent a long time looking for this LP, and this was by far the cheapest and best quality one I found. Definitely worth it.",
80262,__label__1,"Love the movie, but why bother with the soundtrack?: Why would anyone want to listen to these awful tunes alone, without the movie? They're funny within the context of the film, but rather pointless without it. Hearing a rotten (but admittedly hilarious) item like ""Sex Farm Woman"" in stereo sound along with the movie is rather painful in itself. But take away the dialogue and you have a doubly (dubly? dolby?) bad tune. Ha ha to the woman reviewer who also gave this one star who didn't get the joke of the movie at all.",
80263,__label__1,"spinal (): I was one of the 6 people in the theatre when this movie came out in 1984. I wish i had gone in for root canal that night instead. this movie could only be described as hatred. not of any band in particular, but of anyone who believes in themselves, and sticks with it. sorry to rain on your parade. but this really (). PS it does not deserve any stars, but we are not given that optoin.",
80264,__label__2,"Lots of Fun: If you've seen the movie This is Spinal Tap, and you are a rock fan, you owe it to yourself to buy this soundtrack. It's good to hear the songs in their full versions, especially the wonderful ""Stonehenge,"" which speaks of a place where ""a man is a man, and the children dance to the pipes of Pan."" I am disappointed, however, that Nigel's Mozart- and Bach-influenced ""Moch"" piece in D-minor, ""Lick My Love Pump,"" was not included. However, it does feature a song, ""America,"" that's not featured in the movie. And perhaps the compilers should have put the songs in chronological order, so we hear ""Give Me Some Money"" and ""Listen to the Flower People"" before we get to ""Stonehenge."" ""Christmas with the Devil"" is a bonus track not included in the film. Perhaps for the better. The best thing about it is the title.",
80265,__label__2,Metal Masters: Where would metal be today without Tap? This CD could very well be the pinacle for Tap and metal in general. Its better than Brainhammer and Rock 'N Roll Creation. Hec this CD reads like a greatest hits and to think Tap released it when everyone thought they were washed up !!!! This album was a sleeper until Sex Farm took off in Japan then the charts exploded for Tap and they reclaimed their position as the greatest metal band there ever was and there ever will be. This is Rawk N Rowl !!!!!!!!!,
80266,__label__1,"Golf Gloves---But What SIZE are they ??????: Wants to sell golf gloves, but doesn't state a size in the description !!!Very difficult to buy since hands are NOT all the same size !!!",
80267,__label__1,G36 by Airsplat: I tried buying this...keyword is tried because the company never actually sent it to me. About a month after the order I placed a review down....they called me and tried to buy me off with free BB's with the gun. If you want to buy an airsoft rifle dont buy this one. Airsplat is one of the worst companies I have ever worked with. Instead of resolving an issue they try to buy you off.,
80268,__label__2,"As advertised...: This suit is exactly what I ordered -- small enough for training/racing but not as small as a ""traditional"" Speedo suit.",
80269,__label__2,"Intense and dreamy: This CD runs the gamut from heavy-metal guitar to ""world music,"" all done flawlessly. ""Test"" is the most intense tune I have ever heard, and must be listened to with the volume cranked (the audio sample DOES NOT do it justice). Then he lets everything relax for the rest of the album, beautiful, quiet rhythms. His percussionist is a master. Prescription: Listen to this CD late at night, with the lights out, and get transported to another plane of existence.",
80270,__label__1,"Terrible Purchase: Unfortunately, when I ordered this, the product that showed up was blue instead of green and had the wrong emblem on it. Piece of trash. Do not purchase this faceplate if you have any self-respect.",
80271,__label__2,"A ""must"" for all UNIX freaks.: Together the two books in this set are the definitive source for the historical publications related to the development of the UNIX OS. Peter Salus' ""A quarter century of UNIX"" makes a great companion to these two.",
80272,__label__1,"EEWWW that smell!: The worst movie ever? This movie is marketed as being a ""Barney"" bashing movie, for all those parents fed up with having to endure endless hours of mindless childrens videos. But instead of a movie with biting sarcasm and rampant deviltry, this is really a musical written for children. Watching this movie was like watching 2 hours of Barney videos. Instead of treating children's icons like pinatas, this movie is an homage to them. The script was written for children. It completely lacks adult humor, and any humor at any level period. In all honesty, there is one lone exception: a scene by Robin Williams, where he slams into a brick wall in a spoof of a scene from Singing in the Rain. I was stunned that there were no other laughs in a movie with such a great comedian. But then this isn't really a movie at at, just a musical on film. If you haven't had enough of Barney-type songs then this movie is for you.",
80273,__label__1,"For Brain Damaged Squirrels Only: What a mess. First off, a little Robin Williams goes a lonnnnnng way. This is waaaaaay too much Robin Williams. What was Devito thinking??? There is a BIG difference between ""Dark Comedy"" and ""No Comedy"", too bad Devito does not understand this concept...",
80274,__label__1,First time I walked out on a movie: This Robin Williams movie was full of bad language and senseless violence. Terrible experience. Walked out after an hour and got my money refunded.,
80275,__label__1,"NOT FUNNY!: This movie was full of dark, sick, and overall STUPID humor, that is NOT funny, but, just came off as distirbinmg.",
80276,__label__1,"About the worst movie I have ever seen: Death to Smoochy lacks almost ALL entertainment value. It's one of those movies that looks very promising, is well acted, and well-directed, but has a really bad script. I wonder how it was able to attract such a fine cast of actors.Further, of the 5 or so jokes in this movie, all are of the ""hammer-to-the-head"" or ""farting noise"" style. It would seem the scriptwriter never could decide whether to make it for children or for adults.I enjoyed Meet the Parents (as suggested by another reviewer) but was dumbfounded by this piece of cinematic drab.",
80277,__label__1,"missed big time: I get what they were trying to do... the kiddy entertainment biz is filled with foul mouthed, violent and moblike people. Although parts of this movie are funny on their own, as a whole they missed by a long shot.Someone should have been brave enough to go back to the original shoot footage to edit in the connecting pieces... such a waste of the superior talent of Robin Williams, Edward Norton and Jon Stewart!",
80278,__label__1,"Absolutely the worst movie I've ever seen: I can't believe I just spent two hours watching this .... What an unorganized, poorly written, poorly directed waste of time this was. There are MAYBE two laughs in the whole movie, and they weren't even enough to write home about. Not even the great Robin Williams, the venerable Edward Norton, and the heretofore widely respected Danny DeVito could save this monstrosity.Save your money. If you want a funny Robin Williams movie, buy ""Mrs. Doubtfire"" or something where he shows his talent instead of screaming nonsense for two hours, as he does in this celluloid tripe.",
80279,__label__1,"Reactions will differ: Eh.Good acting from Williams & Norton as unlikable kidshow hosts, same old same old performance by DeVito as The Danny DeVito Character. Kind of overblown in a ""look at us, we're satirizing children's television!"" way. Any episode of South Park has more humor & irreverence than this entire movie.HOWEVER.You may not agree. It's very much the kind of movie people either really like or really dislike. Definitely check it out on rental before buying.",
80280,__label__2,"Great Laughs!: This movie stars Edward Norton, is there anything more that can be said? ;) It's so nice to see such amazing diversity in an actor's characters. (If you want to know what I'm referring to, just go watch American History X and then Death to Smoochy).""I think you'd have to be wired way too tight not to be able to laugh at this movie. It's able to give you a dark chuckle on an adult level and satirize things in a sophisticated way."" -Edward NortonSure DTS's humor may be a little juvenile at some times, but it's nevertheless hillarious.Highly recommended, if nothing else see it for Edward Norton, he gives a great performance (as always) and his character (Sheldon Mopes) is a nice change from the usual.",
80281,__label__2,"Loved It: I saw this in the theater the day that it came out. My roommate and I laughed our asses off, while most of the rest of the theater (which was mostly comprised of retirees - we live in Sarasota, Florida) sat confussed. They didn't get it. And it seems that most of the reviewers didn't get it either. I loved it so much that I bought it the day that it came out on DVD, I then invited everyone that I knew to come over to watch it. They all loved it to - many of them went out and bought it for themselves.",
80282,__label__2,"Dark Comedy At It's Best !: This is my #1 on the list of movies this year. It has a great story, all the actors do an excellent job, very colorful and witty , its great in every way. If you dont give this movie more than 4 stars then your smoking something that i want a hit off of cause it must be WACK!",
80283,__label__2,"Great for the right audiance: Death to Smoochy is probibly one of the funniest movies ever made in my opinion. It's pure black comedy, though. Do not, i repeat, do not let your kids watch this movie. It's made for an adult audiance. Everything about the movie was hilarious. From Robin Williams going crazy to evil charities trying to make stars sell out. It's has many many truths in it's satire and just raw humor. It was a little longer than I was expecting, but it didn't matter. I laughed the whole time. If you're very stronge in your morals to the extent where situations that make fun of them arn't funny, don't see this movie, or at least understand that it is only a movie.... In short this movie was absolutly awesome. Greatest dark comedy ever period.",
80284,__label__2,A dark comedy at it's best.: Edward Norton and Robin Williams do an excellent job in the acting department in this very funny dark comedy directed by Danny DeVito.See this movie if you are one of the following:1) In the mood for a comedy.2) A Robin Williams fan.3) An Edward Norton fan.This movie works perfectly in all respects of a film. I do advise you buy this movie as I do wonder how long it will be print. Unless of course this movie gathers a 'cult' following.,
80285,__label__2,"Thanks!: During the busy holiday season, it was an unexpected surprise to receive the item so quickly. It arrived in good condition. I am completely satisfied with item and service.",
80286,__label__2,"'Til worms are crawling up your ****** foam rubber a**...: One of Robins best played Characters..He's a natural in this role, lol.Psychotic, Crazy, absolutely Hilarious Classic one-liners! ~ Couldn't breathe with over laughter in some parts. A definite must see for any Robin or Edward fan. Only one tinsie winsy negative... about Edward Nortons final stages of this film... but I don't want to ruin it for anyone :-D A lot of ppl avoid watching this film.. believing it is a kids film.. lol.. it isn't.",
80287,__label__2,"You might or might not like it: I read the reviews in the newspapers when it first came out. They were nearly all negative, with one of the main criticisms that the market for this movie is very narrow. However I always thought the plot sounded funny, even when described within a bad review.It turned out to be one of the funniest movies I ever saw. Other than the Nazi bit, the script is terrific - ""Rock bottoms a college education kid"" ""Sorry I smell like piss."" ""How could you whack the wrong rhino?"".I recommended it to some friends and they hated it. In my opinion the performances are great, Robin Williams is completely unrestrained and hilarious, but none of that will make a difference if you find the plot toxic. My recommendation - read the synopsis. If it sounds funny to you then give it a try.",
80288,__label__2,"Randolphs Demise: I really enjoyed this movie.The plot is simple enough,Rainbow Randolph (Robin Williams) is fired from his children based televisions siries.Now the spot is open for another children show,so an acoustic wielding Sheldon Mopes (Edward Norton) is hired for the spot.He plays a purple rhino(Smoochy) and acts in a kinder way to the children and is alot better offstage then Rainbow Randolph ever was.Randolph soon becomes wacked in the head and soon attempts anything to get his role back.Leading to some hilarious moments on the stage and off the stage and all about the city.The more Smoochy gains attention and popularity the more crazed Randolph becomes.Very good acting,really funny,and alittle slow a rental is a good idea.",
80289,__label__1,"are you kidding me?: One of the worst films i have seen in the past few years,and that's saying a lot with the awful stuff that's being released on a regular basis...Edward Norton's attempt at comedy is painful to watch. Not sure whether it's his fault OR the script, but who cares? This movie stinks. Catherine Keener's performance is mailed-in (what's she doing here in the first place?), and Robin Willaims over-the-top maniac role is so tired. Everyone involved should be ashamed of themselves...",
80290,__label__1,"Aren't satires supposed to be smart?: well, this one wasn't - i think the satire angle was played up more because the script was dumb, the plot was dumb, and the acting is dumb - hey let's make it a satire! Overall an embarassing effort all around.",
80291,__label__1,"Profanity isn't a substitute for humor: The show had potential, but the writers seemed to be paid by the profane word. The jokes are weak, there is a total lack of parody, despite the potential from Pee-Wee Herman, and some others. This movie makes Cadillac Man and The Best of Times look good and they were BOMBS.",
80292,__label__1,"This movie [is weak].: ... It's not funny. Wastes Robin William's talent. Also, I wonder how the actors said all of those four letter words in front of all of the kids in the movie? The only storyline I enjoyed was the Irish mafia. ...",
80293,__label__1,"One of the worst films I have ever seen.: Excellent cast, interesting idea, but an incredibly bad movie.",
80294,__label__1,"shockingly bad: The worst movie ever? This movie is marketed as being a ""Barney"" bashing movie, for all those parents fed up with having to endure endless hours of mindless childrens videos. But instead of a movie with biting sarcasm and rampant deviltry, this is really a musical written for children. A poorly written one. Watching this movie was like watching 2 hours of Barney videos. Instead of treating children's icons like pinatas, this movie is an homage to them. The script was written for children. It completely lacks adult humor, and any humor at any level period. In all honesty, there is one lone exception: a scene by Robin Williams, where he slams into a brick wall in a spoof of a scene from Singing in the Rain. I was stunned that there were no other laughs in a movie with such a great comedian. But then this isn't really a movie at at, just a musical on film. If you haven't had enough of Barney-type songs then this movie is for you.",
80295,__label__2,"Don't Listen to the Critics - This is a Little Gem.: This movie bombed in the theater and with critics. After watching it for the second time, I just can't understand why. Brilliant casting with the usual funny and light man Robin Williams as a corrupt, obsessive and foul mouthed loser. Edward Norton, just coming off of angry and violent characters in American History X and Fight Club, plays a naive, annoyingly sincere children's character. The satirization of the children's licensing business is hilarious, especially if you know anything about it.I was so glad to see some positive customer reviews. For those who didn't get it, try watching it again without looking for the jokes. Just enjoy the satire.",
80296,__label__2,"""only the humorless would fail to laugh at Smoochy's uncompromised irreverence"": Absolutely Hilarious: One of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time!",
80297,__label__2,"One of my favorite movies.: Sure, everybody has heard the snooty reviews saying that this movie was terrible. And I have to admit, when I looked at the cover when my freind gave me this movie i didn't want to watch it. It looked stupid. But this multi-level darkish comedy is so interesting and....lets face it....freaking halarious, I don't understand how ANYONE could possibly dislike it. Robin Williams plays the part of a foul-mouthed, vengeful, ex-kiddie show host brilliantly. The story line is unpredictable at times and had me in stitches most of the time. Edward Norton's character is so sweetly goofy that you can't help but like him. The very end was a little cheesy with the roller skates and the ice capade show was wierd too.....but overall, I love this movie. And so does mostly everyone I've watched it with. (With the exception of my mother who doesn't like Jim Carey or Adam Sandler either..so I don't count her vote. Funny just doesn't work for some people)",
80298,__label__2,"Absolutely hilarious. And witty, too.: This is another movie where Robin Williams shines. Fans of his should especially see this film. Either way, anybody who enjoys dry, satirical, witty humor will likely enjoy this movie. There's more to laugh at than to criticize. The negative reviews puzzle me... It's one thing to simply dislike a film, but to not be able to understand the plot? Perhaps some of the humor is too clever (it really isn't). Sure, it's not the best film I've ever seen, but its continuous laughter/smile value makes it worth adding to your collection, to be enjoyed again and again.",
80299,__label__1,"Boring and only mildly funny, 2 and a half stars: ""Death To Smoochy"" is a murder comedy that has some decent preformances from both Edward Norton and Robin Williams, but failed to really keep my attention or interest. I only found it amusing during a few parts of the film. Most of the funnier parts I found were on the Additional Scenes segment of the DVD. Plus, the film wasn't as morbid as I had been lead to believe. The only thing really giving this movie its R rating was the bad language in the movie, not really the themes surrounding the movie. The whole ""death"" to Smoochy part of the movie really wasn't presented that well. I also found a lot of the characters in the film irritating and annoying and Catherine Keener just can't really play [an evil/cruel woman]. Her acting seemed more like faking when it came to the character she was trying to portray. Overall, the movie kind of dragged on and the climax to the movie wasn't really that exciting or interesting. I don't re",ommend
80300,__label__1,"death to smoochy: robin williams fans,stay home .this film was a major disapointment and is the second movie in 40 years we walked out of. the kids might like it but mr. de vito did not deliver on this one. save your money.",
80301,__label__2,"If you haven't seen it already--- what are you waiting for?: The movie is absolutely awesome. The spoof is perfect, and the characters are great. Whether you are just the average joe or a film buff--- you will appreciate this movie. It's dark comedy at its best. Let it ride.",
80302,__label__1,"Good actors, good idea, hideous execution: Twenty bucks for this flick was a crime'Cause honey, this ain't worth a dimeBut just to be fairI really don't care:I just wish they'd refund me my time",
80303,__label__1,"""I LOATHE YOU!"": Unimpressive and completly unentertaining. Some funny moments here and there but the plot is totally childish. Just my opinion.",
80304,__label__1,"Death to this Movie...hopefully: I don't see what is the deal with the high praise in some reviews that this movie is getting. This is a lame attempt at comedy at best. Profanity is not humor. Sure, I get the part about wanting to satirize the whole Barney thing, but this movie just tries too hard with little in the way of script or acting. Edward Norton and Robin Williams aren't funny at all. It was a hard movie to get through, but I was just hoping it would either be over, or get better.It did end, at least.",
80305,__label__1,Why o why: This movie is in the most part a discrase. shure there are a few funny parts but for the mot part this movie is stupid and poorly acted. I am still trying to figure out why williums and Norten(two actors that I like very much)did this mess.,
80306,__label__1,"Might have been fun: Robin Williams is a comic genius, and the scenes with him on screen are worth watching (too bad he doesn't have more screen time). And Harvey Fierstein is always entertaining. Danny Woodburn does a great job as the chief ""little person"" on the Smoochy show. The comic premise of the movie sounded promising, but it's weighed down by a leaden script, with a silly and unfunny gangster subplot and an utterly unbelievable romantic plot thrown in. The film generates maybe half a dozen chuckles in all. The DVD includes a commentary by director Danny deVito which is largely devoted to telling how much fun the movie was to make. Too bad it's not much fun to watch.",
80307,__label__1,"A disappointment: This has to be one of the worst movies that I have seen in a long time. I was really looking forward to this film, too. Danny DeVito is a very talented man who makes very sophisticated and funny films, such as ""The War of the Roses"", ""Throw Momma from the Train"", and ""Matilda"". Why he chose this film as his latest project is a mystery. It was only sporadically funny, but it was mostly crude. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy a good dark comedy every now and then...GOOD being the key word here. This was a long and drawn out, boring experience. It went on and on and on and went nowhere.Edward Norton does the best he can with the material that he has been given. I love Robin Williams, but he can do much better! Danny Devito can also do much, much better! A major disappointment. DO NOT BRING CHILDREN TO THIS FILM.SKIP IT.",
80308,__label__1,"Midly Entertaining with a Few Funny Moments.: With the bevy of talented actors in this film, perhaps I expected more. Robin Williams is a great comedian, though his movies have slipped at the box office lately, and Edward Norton is perhaps one of the best actors of our time. Danny DiVito and Jon Stewart did an admirable job as part of the supporting castas well. But I thought that Spinner was the best character, and he had brain damage.Overall This movie just lacked any real substance to it. I didn't really feel like it had any depth to it. The plot was interesting and new, but yet very thin. In fact perhaps too thin to be made into a motion picture. The sarcastic remarks and few comedic episodes kept me entertained enough to finish it though.For all of you Anti-Barney people, this film may give you an insight to the corupt world of children's television. Or it might just bore you to the point where you'll hate it just like Barney.",
80309,__label__1,"okay but it's no THROW MAMMMA FROM THE TRAIN.: Robin Williams, playing the third deranged character he's played this year(after INSOMNIA and before ONE HOUR PHOTO), stars as Rainbow Randolph, a beloved but corrupt kids TV show star in the vein of what Barney could be in real life (who's under that suit anyway?). Anyway, rainbow is fired for accepting bribes. He is replaced by the earnest Sheldon Mopes (Edward Norton; FIGHT CLUB) and his persona of Smoochy the Rhino. This doesn't bode well for Rainbow Rudolph and he plots revenge on Smoochy. Sound ridiculous? It is.But it's meant to be. This isn't a great comedy but it has its moments. However, I expected more from the talent involved. I thought Danny Devito made a great comedy with THROW MAMMA FROM THE TRAIN and I guess I just wanted this film to be a little more like that one. Not bad, worth a rental just for Norton and Williams performances.",
80310,__label__2,Hilarious!: I first saw this movie in the theater when it came out. It had me laughing out loud! Edward Norton was brilliant! I had to order a copy so that I can watch it again!,
80311,__label__2,funny: Ed Norton is so funny and so is Robin Williams in this movie. It's a definite one to check out,
80312,__label__2,"So dark and yet so light: I love quirky movies, and Death to Smoochy fits the bill. At its core the film is about being a good person and treating everyone with respect. Sound's boring and cliche, right? Wrong, in the case of this movie. The film takes so many twists and turns. It is laugh out loud funny, an amazing parody. There is no way to actually explain it, you'll just have to watch it and see.",
80313,__label__2,"Great movie: I think that this movie was great. Any one that thinks that Robin williams is funny should see this movie, And any [person] that would think that this movie is a kids show should get therapy or go to ... . Because this movie is rated ""R"". So you dumb [person] that said this was a bad movie because you saw the poster should shut ... up. I give this movie ""5"" stars. It was a great movie. GO SEE THIS MOVIE. or rent at local video store near you.",
80314,__label__1,"Leaks: I have been on a mission to find a cooler that does not leak. After purchasing 2 coolers within a month's time, both different brands, I decided to try my luck with the Igloo. It's terrible. The lid does not screw on, it's a pressure fit. I knew this when I bought it. The carry-handle helps to keep the lid in place. Although there is no problem with the lid coming off, it leaks everywhere around the rim when you transport it. I found this out the hard way when I filled it with Kool-Aid and ended up with a car mat soaked with red KoolAid! This is by far the worst of the 3 coolers that I have tried. The first one was a 2 gallon Rubbermaid (leaks around the rim) and the second was a 2 gallon stackable Coleman cooler (leaks around spout). If anybody can recommend a cooler that does NOT leak, I'm all ears!",
80315,__label__2,"Awesome cooler: Really works great and is durable. I am a soccer coach and I use this all the time. The only flaw is that the lid is not tight and it sloshes and leaks in the car. Also, almost everyone tries to pick it up by the red handle and it spills (you have to use the white handle to carry. But all-in-all a very good product.",
80316,__label__2,Another great one from Kathy: I have always like Kathy Mattea's singing and this CD is as good as almost any she has ever done. I recommend it.,
80317,__label__2,"Martha Stewart For Kids Is Crafty and Fun!: What an awesome DVD set. We had never heard of Martha and Friends before this but we DO love Holiday movies.In this DVD collection, you get Martha and her friends enjoying and working together to make a very special Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas.Martha is a 10 year old Martha Stewart who ha three really good friends she spends all her time with in a very special craft room that at first I assumed was a classroom. Each episode contains craft and recipe ideas that are easy and fun.There are great lessons on teamwork and friendship in each movie but Goddess like the Halloween episode the best! She wants to be a vampire for the second year in a row so I was not surprised.I was also impressed with the colorful cartoon and wish it was on TV as I think more kids would have access to it.",
80318,__label__1,"It Leaks!!: We ordered this wine cooler directly from the manufacturer several years ago for ourselves and a relative and have loved it.However, recently have ordered three of them through Amazon and all three leak. There apparently is a defect in these and the manufacturer has done nothing to resolve the problem. Such a shame, because the one we have is such a nice addition when we have parties.",
80319,__label__1,"Nice, but leaks: I was given this as a gift....it does a great job keeping our wines chilled and it looks great too. However, it leaks water from the melted ice. Very disappointed for the price.",
80320,__label__1,Not as sharp as it needs to be: Both the zester and the channel knife require a lot of effort to break through anything. I guess I got a dud.,
80321,__label__2,"great!: Works well with limes, lemons, and oranges. I have used a couple times and it works great ! ! !",
80322,__label__2,"Good little zester.: Great little zester, as I expected from OXO. My biggest gripe is that it is definitely biased against the right-brained among us (left-handed), but as we're also good at adapting we can still make it work. I also wish the channel knife was a little sharper, but that's easily remedied with a metal needle file. Otherwise I'd definitely recommend it.",
80323,__label__2,"Best zester I've ever had.: My whole life, I've always used a sort of grating tool made for zesting. However, this zester completely beats that tool by a long shot! It's less messy (if at all, really) and you're less likely to get the sour white rind of oranges/limes/lemons. AND it's must faster and very practical. A must-have for any kitchen!",
80324,__label__2,good product: I find I have to *push* hard to get thru thick orange and lemon rinds. I have found that the microlane grater is easier and more versitile... The handle feels odd to me... and too big as a grip.,
80325,__label__2,"This Zester is Definitely NOT a Lemon!: Like all other OXO ""Good Grips"" products this lemon zester does what it's designed to do, effortlessly. Comfortable to hold and easy and efficient to use. Designed for those of us who have arthritis and great for everyone else! Unlike some lesser quality lemon zesters, this one's easy to clean. I own this product and it can also be used for zesting oranges, which is how I most frequently use mine. Price is an absolute bargin. I've seen the same product elsewhere at a much greater cost. You HAVE to get this lemon zester, HERE and NOW!",
80326,__label__2,"Handy Zester.: If you do a lot of zesting, then this is the zester for you. It has an extremely comfortable handle and makes great zest. It is sturdy and should last a long time. Great buy.",
80327,__label__1,"Hard to make twists, time consuming to zest: I was really looking forward to putting peel twists in mixed drinks, but it's incredibly hard* to make anything over 1cm long with this tool. My friends tried too and they couldn't get anything substantial either. Zesting is fine, although it's much more time-consuming to do with this than with a microblade.* (I should add that I'm no bodybuilder, but still)",
80328,__label__2,"Excellent Zester: Good for both zesting and making twists. Got it for my home bar set, looks like a quality product. Works like a charm!",
80329,__label__2,"Simple to use!: I don't know if other zesters would be better, as I have not used any prior to purchasing this one.If this is going to be your first zester, I recommend this one. This is my first and I appreciate the price and quality. It makes the job very easy and the size of the zest depends on how big your strokes are. You can make them pretty small too.Other reviews make a good point emphasizing that it does miss some spots. I feel like it's a very minor thing though and many zester will miss pieces too, but don't get this product if you are aiming to get 100% of the zest. It's not a big deal for me personally though as I feel like it misses less than 10% so I can always get another fruit out.MAIN POINTS: Easy to use, easy to clean, great zest of varied size, but does miss some zest. Overall, a great product.",
80330,__label__2,"You need this zester: If you enjoy baking or mixology, you really must have this zester. It should be a staple of every kitchen. It's awesome for adding interest to cocktails like cosmopolitans and gimlets.I've used this zester on oranges, lemons and limes. It works excellently for creating spiral twists on oranges and lemons. Limes are tougher to work with, though I can't say I've ever tried using a different zester on limes. Limes may just be tricker because the rinds are thinner. Overall, though, an excellent value for the money.",
80331,__label__1,"cuts an ugly lemon twist and is a rotton zester besides: This must be the worst product I've ever purchased that sports the OXO label. And I've got a lot of the stuff, and have been generally satisfied with it. I needed a channel knife, wanted one where you could draw it sideways like a paring knife (instead of pulling it long-ways towards you--look at other channel knives, you'll know what I mean). This gadget cuts the raggediest, least-attractive lemon twists ever, and it's hard to pull through the rind as well. So I thought OK, it's still a good zester. And.....No-it's-not. Get a microplane, or maybe a different zester, but this one is a turd. Finally, the handle is not ""comfortable,"" it's too hard and too big for my (fairly small but not outrageously so) hand. The whole tool is poorly designed and clumsy.",
80332,__label__1,Not what I had hoped for: This product did not live up to my expectations. It did not zest properly and the zest it did produce was not as pleaseing to the eye.,
80333,__label__1,"does Not work: Feels really good in the hand but does not have the sharp cutting action to do anything, also the holes were not large enough, the angle for the pass was not made correctly, I could not get one single little bit of zest from lemons, limes, oranges ..... Had to return it and get another brand. (I had given my good zester to a friend is the only reason I needed a new one ... sure wish I knew what that other brand was)",
80334,__label__1,"Dull and disappointed: I believe that this is a quality control issue since a lot of people have good reviews. The sample that I received is completely dull, so dull that it is not possible to zest a lemon with the big groove - it ends up just tearing the peel. The small zester holes part is also dull and I end up smashing the fruit to get decent zest.",
80335,__label__2,"A real story: This is a great book! It's a really good story about a girl being abused. It may seem like a sad or depressing book, but it's not. Not at all! It show's how she understandes her mom and goes on with her life.",
80336,__label__2,"Touching...: An extremely touching tale that helped me make it through some tough times as a kid. I'm happy to say that this book is still kept at my local library.If you have trouble dealing with violence commited against children, then this book may not be the book for you.I think the fact that I still remember this book after 13 years is a testament to what a good book it was.",
80337,__label__2,"Screamingly Funny: Martin Lawrence was able to go all out in this concert film, exhibiting more comic traits than he was allowed on his TV situation comedy series. Worth having in your collection.",
80338,__label__2,"awesome: absolutely funny this man is so cool,he learnt alot from eddie and pryor,heshould of captilized and been a bigger film star buy it its a great buy.",
80339,__label__1,"Martin Lawrence is a funny guy, just not a funny stand-up.: I first watched this when I was in middle school and thought it was the funniest thing I had ever seen. I then re-watched it a year ago and didn't laugh one time. It wasn't because I had heard the jokes before, but because he just wasn't funny. If you ask most stand-up fans, they will tell you that Martin Lawrence just is not a good stand-up comedian.",
80340,__label__1,"Unoriginal Richard Pryor tryhard: I bought this video and was very disappointed. I know Martin to be a great actor but simply, he does not cut it as a stand up. Most of his material used in ""You so Crazy"" is Richard Pryor material. Stuff like masturbation,drug use, differences in black and white people, acting like a kid when he gets a hot female, etc are taken from Richard Pryor Live in Concert, Live in the Sunset Strip etc...",
80341,__label__1,"Oh dear lord, shoot me now.: Straight up, this is the worst thing, ever. And i'm not just saying it's the worst DVD ever... it's the worst THING ever, and I'm including genocide and cancer in the mix. Martin is an okay actor... i used to watch his show as a kid, and it was alright, but my god... what the hell is he doing to stand-up comedy?Firstly, he talks so damn fast, i can't understand a thing he's saying, and when i DO, it's just not funny. I get the feeling like he's setting the stage for a joke... but the joke never gets there. Like putting together all the ingredients for a cake, but never bothering to put it in the damn oven...Bottom line: bad bad... BAD dvd. If you want some kick ass comedy, take a look at Dave Chappelle or Mike Birbiglia. Not this guy.",
80342,__label__1,"The worst stand up performance ever!: This is undeniably the worst stand up performance ever.Martin Lawrence is a decent actor.Big Momma's House is hilarious.But in stand up,he can't joke his way out of a paper bag.Almost every other word is a swear word.I don't mind swearing,but it can get old fast.Also,the topics discussed in this DVD are the same topics every black comedian has talked about:race,drugs,and sex.When Richard Pryor and Chris Rock do this,it can be funny.When Martin and other certain comedians do it,it is not funny.His routine on racism is the most racist routine of all time.His impression of a white man is really annoying.If you want to hear a good impression of a white man,check out Dave Chappelle's ""Killin' Them Softly.""He is hilarious.Steer clear of this and Runteldat"".",
80343,__label__2,Loveeee: I love Martin! This is by far one of my favorite DVDs! I bought it for two bucks plus free shipping! Can't beat that at all!,
80344,__label__2,"My Husband Says it's a Classic: I got it for my husband, cause he's the fan. He loves it, and watched it 2 times the first day we got it.",
80345,__label__2,"I can see clearly now, the rain is gone.......: This compilation is a must have, whether you are a gospel music aficiando or you are just getting into Gospel Music. Contained within the 14 songs that make up this set is music from individuals who helped to shape Gospel Music: the real first family, The Hawkins Family and their midwest counterparts, The Winans. There is also msuic from Andrae Crouch, who wrote over 50% of the music sang in churches today. For Quartet flavor, there's a nice song from the Blind Boys of Alabama and even new music rounds out this set. Mavis Staples (Ms. ""I'll Take You There"") gives a moving performance on God Is Not Sleeping as well as not to be missed soulful renditions from Ann McCrary, Bryan Wilson (Boy Sparrow) and a spoken word naarative from Bil Carpenter. I can't wait to see what volume 2 brings!!!!",
80346,__label__1,"Don't tell me why: I have been extremely disappointed with this. I could not find anything in there that would be interesting. I could not find items that I was interested in explaining to my 9-year old grandson, and he was not interested by the book at all. So the material I saw was factual, but largely irrelevant and uninteresting.",
80347,__label__1,"Very neat book...but...: This book was given to me as a gift when I was young. I have really had an interest for the way things work, why they work, how they work etc... This book has it all, however, the reason I gave this product 2 stars is because the book contains heavy references to evolution and evolution theories. Educating readers of what evolution is, what the center focus of belief is based on, and why some scientists believe it is one thing. It's different when you base answers to legitimate questions on evolution. Lots of neat and interesting facts mixed in with a lot of hypothesis and evolution theory. I would recommend finding a different Q & A book.Christian Fobian, Author of Why Christ?",
80348,__label__2,tool box: i think that this album was ok i mean it had a couple songs that i just fell in love with tool box being one of them the way he gets in your face is just totally awesome the other one is thats as close as ill get to loving you this song is totally about infatuation and i can totally relate with him in the song.,
80349,__label__2,"WOW - This works better than most!: It seems as though I am always purchasing a new garlic press for my husband, who can NOT get enough garlic! I used to be the primary cook in our family but since I allowed my husband in a couple of times, well, he's taking it over.Anyway, the press works GREAT! More garlic actually goes through the mincing holes and the cleaner-upper-pusher-through gizmo does a fantastic job. We have put away or thrown away so many other presses that didn't do the job that well but felt the need to hang onto it in case the next one broke...Now we can throw out the others. The OXO is made so well that I don't think we'll need the others.Oxo makes other great products too. So far, if it's an OXO, I/we have found it reliable and typically as good if not better than other brands. The fact that OXO products are fairly priced is another incentive for acquiring their product.",
80350,__label__2,"More great products from the Good Grips line!: I received this set as a gift about 3 years ago, and I think it's great! The pizza cutter, which has fins on the rubber handle, is particularly comfortable, and it does a great job of slicing through thick Boboli pizzas. Unlike more cheaply-made versions, this garlic press feels firm and weighty in your hands, and it does an excellent job of producing finely minced garlic. The red rubber fingers ensure that the piece cleans easily and thoroughly. I did experience a problem with the garlic press, however: recently, the red cleaning fingers would no longer line up with the holes, and after I continued to use it this way for a few more weeks, the press eventually broke in two. Luckily, when I contacted OXO via email, they told me that they stand behind their products 100%, and so I have a new garlic press on the way as we speak. You can't lose with OXO!",
80351,__label__1,"poor workmanship: I have owned this garlic press for about 2 years and it failed the other night crushing pieces (I always slice them first) for my chili recipe. May seem hefty but it cal break at the pivot. I'm tired of companies making cheap kitchen equipment and will look for something that slices small pieces instead of ""crushing"" if this is a weak point for these products.",
80352,__label__1,"not so good: The part about the garlic press that should be so great is a piece of plastic that cleans the press after use. Mine broke off after a couple of uses.The press is fine, just not as great as advertised.I have no knowledge of the pizza wheel.The price is great for the two pieces. I paid as much for one piece.",
80353,__label__1,"Low quality: I bought this because of the reversible cleaning gizmo, which worked fine. But it was hard to press, left a lot behind, and ultimately the handle broke - the metal sheared into two pieces. Poor quality.",
80354,__label__1,"Quality problems: I purchased this set since I was an avid buyer of OXO kitchen utensils/products. I do think they are having quality problems. My garlic press broke when I was pressing a medium sized garlic clove. I wrote to OXO and have never received any reply. They say they have an unconditional guarantee on their products and this is the 3 item which I have had problems with and when I write to them they simply do not answer. The products are pleasant to use, but having used a garlic press less than 1 year (as well as their silicone spatula and angled measuring cups which show micro-cracks after a while)and a manufacturer who simply disregards customers, I think it better to purchase someone elses products.",
80355,__label__1,"OXO Garlic Press: I owned this press for approximately one year and was happy with it until it broke yesterday. I would expect a well-made press to last several years. My other complaint is that when it is placed in the dishwasher, water seeps into the handle covers, so dishwashing is not recommended. I will not buy another kitchen utensil by this brand because it does not last.",
80356,__label__2,"Nice to see this one on CD...: The first 12 songs on this disc were orginally released as ORIGINAL MUSIC FROM THE MYSTERIOUS SOUTH and credited to The Rising Fawn String Ensemble. Wonderful, wonderful stuff. Virtually impossible to categorize. If you're a fan of bluegrass, ""newgrass"" or virtually any acoustic-oriented music, you owe it to yourself to check this out. You'll be humming these tunes long after the CD has left the player. No vocals. An overlooked gem.",
80357,__label__2,"I love this photo backpack!: I travel by air quite frequently and find this backpack convenient to carry and stowe. It's made of waterproof material and has enough space to hold all of my photography needs. There are slots and tabs on each side of the backpack to add additional assessory products, if needed. There is a front netted pocket with a draw string to hold my 13"" (53"" extended) travel tripod securely. I highly recommend this photo backpack.",
80358,__label__2,"Tamrac 5275: Shipping was very rapid - received 3 days after ordering. I wanted a back pack for travel overseas because it doesn't tell people there's expensive camera equipment inside.It holds three cameras (one a small point and shoot) and three lenses with no problem. The small travel tripod is a little snug when carried inside. There seems to be plenty of room for filters and film for a week trip. Hardware and construction is heavy duty. I hope to be able to also carry the makings for a pic nic; i.e.; a bottle of wine, cheese, bottle opener. This will be a very tight fit but possible. Anything beyond this think about ordering the Tamrac full size packs.",
80359,__label__2,"Great backpack!: I highly recommend this backpack. It has plenty of room, padding, and features. Mine includes my SLR camera, one lens, several filters and a digital camcorder, two large flashes, extra film, batteries, camera books -- and it's not even close to being full. It's not a small backpack, but the size is very manageable. Previously, I bought a smaller camera bag, and found I outgrew it too quickly.",
80360,__label__1,"Disappointing: Venison, rack of lamb, Squab Dijionnaise, Milanese Cornmeal Cakes with Herbs and Bacon, Lord Baltimore's Crabmeatn in Ramekins... not the type of items that I think of when I want to grill. Would have been helpful if the book was referred to as ""gourmet"" faire. Don't believe I will ever use this brand new book.",
80361,__label__1,"Useless Book: I was hoping to find more about ""how to grill"" in this book. Instead, this book is pretty much a collection of recipes, with a lot of them requiring exotic components you will have to make an extra stop in a specialty store.If you don't know how to use Google, this book may prove to be useful for you. Otherwise, don't waste your money on this.",
80362,__label__2,"Shut up! and ""say my name"": This is the same CD as the USA one except it has a variant cover, there the same remixes and all. Must I say this cover is alot better looking than the USA cover. So if you want to pay 3 extra Dollars for a better cover than there is nothing wrong with that! Go out and buy this CD!",
80363,__label__1,"Metal breaks easily: Do not buy this garlic press. Although well-designed looking, the soft metal in the hinge breaks and the two halves come apart even when squeezing one peeled garlic clove.",
80364,__label__2,"The only garlic press that actually works: I have never been a fan of garlic presses. Most of them are wimpy and have small chambers that barely hold a whole clove. For those who dislike the garlic smell on their hands, most presses are so ineffective that one ends up touching garlic anyway, just to get it to go through! Most ""garlic presses"" should be called ""garlic juicers."" Don't even get me started on cleaning the things.Not this one. We got it as a wedding gift last year, and although I was skeptical, I used it. I love it. It's hefty, comfortable to hold, has a chamber that holds three average sized cloves, and actually presses garlic. Yeah! Excess garlic can be removed from the press with the tip of a fork, and it cleans up nicely in the diswasher.",
80365,__label__1,"Not as good as my old Oxo press: I love the older Oxo garlic press that I have had for many years and when I went to buy one for the RV I decided to get another Oxo just like my old one. The style was changed, which I wasn't sure about, but bought one anyway. I didn't care for the feel of it as much my old one, though it seemed to work almost as well as the older style at first. But today I was using it out in the RV and I wasn't able to get hardly any garlic pressed out of it. I finally went into the house and brought my old one out and it worked perfect! I don't think much of the new style and as so many people have stated that theirs has broken, I am going to replace it with a Zyliss. My older one in the house has gotten tons of use and is still working great while my newer one, which I think I may have had for maybe 2 years give or take, has hardly been used at all (especially since the RV sits all winter) and now the press doesn't work. My old one gets 5 stars, but thi",newer
80366,__label__1,"Mine broke as well: I was really surprised when this thing snapped. The metal insides don't look like stainless at all, it's more like crappy pressed metal. Weak.",
80367,__label__1,"One word...RUST: No matter what you do, the garlic press rusts! It got so bad that I had to throw it away.",
80368,__label__1,"Never worked that well, and then broke!: I'm probably pretty hard on garlic presses, as we cook with garlic almost every day, but I still couldn't believe that I managed to snap the handle off of this one after only a few months of use. Luckily, I had never loved the press - the way the block fit into the bowl always seemed to result in some garlic coming out of the sides and not being pressed through the holes - so this gave me the opportunity to get one I really like (the Zyliss).",
80369,__label__1,"Junk: This is junk, made of cheap pot metal. Like another reviewer said, we wrote off the first one breaking but then the second one broke doing what it was supposed to do.It's a nice looking product but don't waste your money.",
80370,__label__1,"good grips, chinsy hinge, not durable.: I owned my garlic press (which I purchased at Bed Bath & Beyond) for several years. Eventually, the red platic part started to wear down (due to heat from the dishwasher, I suppose -- but these things are supposed to be dishwasher safe) and the hinge broke. I expect garlic presses to last forever -- especially if you pay upwards of $10 for one. I'm looking to buy a new one on Amazon.com now... Hopefully I find something better, but it is dependent on finding reviews, so I figure I'd give back to the community with my own review. Happy shopping!",
80371,__label__1,"Unimpressed with OXO products: I really liked this garlic press, until the metal broke. It has not undergone heavy use and was not that old. I haven't fared much better with other Good Grips products - I purchased two dish scrubbers in a row and BOTH broke within a month of use. After the garlic press, I am not sure that I will purchase Good Grips products again. They feel like they should be sturdy, and the rubberized handles are comfortable, but they don't hold up. Considering their cost, it's unacceptable. I do like their measuring spoons, however.",
80372,__label__1,"decent at best: I used this for about 2-3 years before it broke when crushing a clove of garlic. I was squeezing down pretty tight when, bam, the metal just broke. I also have to say that it was always a pain to put in the diswasher b/c whenever I took it out, water would leak out of the handles from in between the metal and the black plastic coating. I'm not a fan.",
80373,__label__1,"Garlic Press Smashes No More..: I bought this unit over a year ago and I loved it, it's attractive, easy to use and comfortable to grip. Unfortunately, it isn't durable, with limited use the top hinge snapped under the stress of crushing a small garlic bulb. Avoid it you can.",
80374,__label__2,"The Cloves don't Have a Chance: The number one quality of a good garlic press is heft! and this tool has a great, heavy, professional feel. It pulps large cloves in a flash (skin on or skin off). The trademark rubberized handle of the ""Good Grips"" line is also a plus. It has a great built-in cleaning feature that makes clearing the holes a snap.",
80375,__label__1,"The worst garlic press - EVER!: I had a Zyliss Susi Garlic Press for many years and just loved it. However, I lost mine during a move. I tried this OXO model and was very disappointed because it just did not work. More garlic comes out the sides of the press than out the front and you have to use a knife to scrap the garlic into your dish. It is just useless with garlic splattering all over everything. I have found OXO products to be cheaply made and poorly designed. I needed a garlic press in a pinch but learned a valuable lesson - you get what you pay for especially when it comes to kitchen utensils.",
80376,__label__1,"OK, until it broke...: I have used this garlic press for a few years, it is too small and never really did a good job of pressing out all of the garlic. It would expel juice and a few bits of garlic. It did not work well at all with unpeeled garlic. But, it was better than anything else. I used it today for 1 clove, the mesh portion through which the garlic is pressed broke in half, and one piece of mesh fell out of the press. I had really expected it to be stronger than that. I will try something different now. Probably the KUHN model, there doesn't really seem to be a perfect garlic press out there, but the reviews for the KUHN look promising.",
80377,__label__1,"Broke on first use!: I have a bunch of Oxo stuff (like a mixing bowl and apple slicer and such) that has served me well for many years and I like them... so when my old garlic press finally died and I saw this one, I thought, ""Hey great! It looks durable and I like Oxo."" One of the handle grips snapped off on the first use, and even trying to work around that by gripping further up (and fueled by anger that it had ALREADY broken) I could still barely get any garlic to come out the holes - mostly it left a flattened garlic mush inside. SO disappointed.",
80378,__label__1,"Too Much Trouble!: I really tried to like this garlic press but, alas, I don't. While the cleaning mechanism works well and the handles are comfortable, it never completely crushes the garlic clove. Instead it leaves a good 1/4 of the garlic clove stuck to the bottom of the press. To use the entire clove, you have to fish out the garlic remains and then mince then by hand. The problem seems to be that the two sides of the press don't meet tightly. In frustration I bought IKEA's inexpensive garlic press and it works wonders.",
80379,__label__2,"This Italian loves it!: I've had my OXO Garlic press for three or four years now and it's still like new. I use it approximately 3 or 4 times a week. As said above, this gadget is extremely easy to clean. Just scape out the residue pulp with a small knife, then run it under hot water - done! Perhaps the secret in its longevity it that I cut each garlic clove lengthwise and place each piece cut side down before squeezing. Highly recommend this item.",
80380,__label__1,"I agree with the first review...: The grip handles take in water and drip into other dishes. It's quite annoying. However, atleast this one doesn't rust.",
80381,__label__1,"Not happy with it: This press is ok if you don't mind throwing away the rubber handles. I hate the stagnant water that gets in there, like everyone else said. I discovered the water while pressing some garlic and it got over everything. It just gets nasty in there so I no longer use the handles. It hasn't broken on me, I've just been too lazy to get a new one. It does leak garlic back onto the handles also. Not worth your money IMO.",
80382,__label__1,"Looks sturdy, but it's not: I liked the stocky construction of this press when I bought it. It seemed solid. But, it has a few problems.1. the rubber handles slip--this is a minor problem.2. liquefied garlic oozes out the sides--this is often the part of the garlic you want, so you scrape it off--kind of annoying.3. it leaves a large part of the garlic uncrushed4. after only a few months' use, the hinges break completely, and into the trash it goesI did find this press cleans up fast and easily. That's its main strength. But, overall, I was unhappy with the longevity of this item.",
80383,__label__1,"Garlic smusher, not press: When my ancient garlic press finally broke, I bought this one, mistakenly thinking that all garlic presses are equal and liking this one for its design and color. However, I can't get it to actually press the garlic! It just sort of squashes it against the metal grate, rather than pushing it through. I generally have to resort to fishing the smushed garlic back out of the press with a knife and cutting it up. Although this is easier than cutting up an unsmushed piece, I would much rather have a garlic press that did the whole job itself!",
80384,__label__1,"Ours broke, too: It took a couple of years of use, but ours broke at the hinge, too. Worked nicely while it lasted, though. The plastic cleaner is very handy and effective.",
80385,__label__1,"metal will break within a year: I have had 2 'OXO Good Grips Garlic' presses. It presses garlic nicely and feels good to hold, however, both of my presses broke (metal broke) within a year. I currently need another press and am looking for a different brand. I will never buy an OXO garlic press again.",
80386,__label__1,"Too hard!: Too hard to press together to squeeze out the garlic. This looked like a good idea with the cleaner built in, but I can not press all the garlic out. This was a waste of money. I usually love Oxo products, but not this one. I reverted to my old Zyllis.",
80387,__label__1,"Defective in design: This garlic press works well and the cleaning feature is nice, until, as so many other's have found, it snaps. It is made of ""pot metal"" a zinc alloy (non-toxic) but Oxo needs to redesign it because I am willing to bet that ALL the broken ones listed here broke in the same exact place. Defective by design!",
80388,__label__1,"Broken Hinge: Generally I have chosen to purchase OXO products because of their durability. I am very disappointed in OXO this time. After just one year of use, the hinge on my garlic press is broken, and I am now pounding out garlic with a mortar and pestle until I can get to the US to buy a replacement. Unfortunately, I will not be buying another OXO Good Grips Garlic Press. I wish I had read all of the helpful customer reviews before making this purchase. It seems OXO needs to read them as well.",
80389,__label__1,"Lasted a week: This was used twice before the built in hole-cleaner broke. I put it in the dish washer, and when I removed it, they had all broken off. What a waste of money.",
80390,__label__1,"Broke in a year: I would expect for a kitchen tool to last for many years to come. A garlic press has become a must have in my kitchen. This garlic press is great if it would only stand the duration of time. At the suggestion of a friend, a mortar and pestle could serve the same purpose as a garlic press along with its many other uses and is less susceptible to breaking.",
80391,__label__1,"Not worth it: Purchased this a few years ago. After 5 uses, the metal part of it snapped in half. It worked well while it lasted. Same thing happened to my mom. I guess they rather put out quantity than quality.",
80392,__label__1,"Hard to use: In contrast to some of the other reviews, I find this press harder to use than others that I've owned. This is surprising given OXO's typical track record in usability. In fact, the press that I replaced with this one was also an OXO and worked much better in terms of hand strength required. The reason I replaced the other model was because its coating came off in the dishwasher and it was harder to clean. This is the one real benefit for this model as it is far easier to clean than any other one I've used. The one strange thing that happens with mine is that water will get trapped in the handle and leak in my drawer after it comes out of the dishwasher. It also leaves behind more garlic when pressing than other presses that I've used which feels like a waste. In the end, I'm going to go back to using my old press until I find one that is both easy to use AND easy to clean.",
80393,__label__1,"It may look sturdy but its FLIMSY: I've had 2 of these now. They both worked fine. When the first one broke, I wrote it off as a fluke. Now the second one broke as well.I gave it 2 stars as it worked pretty well while in one piece.If you are looking for a ""temporary"" garlic press, this is the one for you.For the rest of us looking for something that will last, the search continues.(BTW, I had an Oxo grater that broke too, so I think I am done with this brand for good).",
80394,__label__1,"worked for a while, then broke: It worked well for two years (used about twice a month), then the body cracked and will no longer press the garlic thru the holes. Disappointing.",
80395,__label__1,"It Broke at the hinge: The reason I'm online writing this review today is that I'm looking for another garlic press, preferably one that is not made of pot metal.I was using the my Oxo press today, loaded it with two cloves, gripped it in my left hand and squeezed. The result was a snapped hinge where the hinge and body of the press are at their most narrow. C'mon Oxo, a garlic press ought to at least be able to press garlic without disintegrating!I recommend that you should stay far away from this product.",
80396,__label__1,"Snapped in two!: I bought this press about 8 months back, using it only about once a week. Today, it simply snapped in half while I was press a couple of medium cloves! Oxo products are usually well-made, but this is a ""lemon.""",
80397,__label__1,"Good Grips, Bad (Broken) Tool: As well as the annoying storing water in the handle (mentioned in other reviews), mine flat out broke. It couldn't take the pressure of use and snapped the metal at the handle. The cast metal parts didn't fit well into each other, either.Comfortable, yes. But the grips are useless when they're on two different pieces.",
80398,__label__1,"garlic squasher, anyone?: If you're looking for a garlic press that produces minced garlic, keep looking. This is a garlic squasher, a garlic masher, a garlic crusher, but NOT a garlic press. No actual minced garlic emerges from the little holes. I was so disappointed! My husband finally repaired our old, no-name, made-in-Taiwan garlic press, and we're back in business. Caveat emptor!",
80399,__label__1,Hardly any garlic comes through the holes & breaks easily!!: This thing does not work well. You could be pressing a massive garlic clove and you will hardly get any garlic coming through the holes. Its not a tight fit so most of the garlic is wasted and squished to the sides. I also managed to break mine so the 'self-cleaning' nubs do not line up with the holes any longer. Buy something else!!,
80400,__label__1,"Nonsense Warranty on a Lously Product: Made the mistake of purchasing the garlic press. Didn't work. Mashed the garlic into a pad of paste. So irritating to use, I checked their ""warranty"" and contacted OXO to return and was given a run around - forms to fill out, copy of original receipt, mail it back. ""Satisfaction"" warranty is a fraud and a complete lie. Jumped through their hoops. Then a smug company rep called and told me it was ""not their product"" and I would have to provide a prepaid envelope if I wanted it back. No refund, nothing. I certainly don't want it back. Well, it was their product. Solution is simple. I will never, ever buy another of their products again. And my advice to everyone - pick another brand, any other brand.",
80401,__label__1,"Wastes a lot of garlic: There are 2 major problems with this garlic press:1) Much of the garlic gets stuck inside the hopper of the press and will not come out.2) The holes in the press seem to be too large so mince is not as fine as I would like.I owned OXO's garlic press (Item #: 97-6067011) from WS and it was perfect until the cheap coating started to flake off and within a year it completely broke. I got this garlic press as a replacement from OXO but was disappointed with these 2 problems. Still looking for an excellent replacement. From the reviews, it seems that all of them have some type of flaw.",
80402,__label__1,"Garlic Press: I have the Kuhn Rikon garlic press and I much prefer that little gem to the OXO. For one thing, the OXO is much harder to use. I'm not a weak person, and I usually have to use both hands or have my husband help me with this one. I can use the Kuhn Rikon without peeling the garlic cloves and that is impossible with the OXO. The grippy handle on the OXO seems to retain the garlic odor where the complete stainless steel construction of the Kuhn Rikon means that there is never a residual garlic smell after washing. The Kuhn Rikon is easier to wash, too. I have not had my OXO break yet, like some others have mentioned, but I don't use it very often. I usually like OXO products, so I am very disappointed with this tool.",
80403,__label__1,"Feels Great---Until it Breaks: I hate to bad-mouth OXO because I like the rest of their products. They cannot be beat for ergonomic comfort, and in that respect, the OXO Good Grips Garlic Press is no exception. The handles are extremely comfortable to grip, and with very small garlic cloves, minimal pressure is needed to crush them with this press. However, I have owned two of these OXO garlic presses, and both of them have broken while simply pressing a medium-sized garlic clove. The first time this happened, I though perhaps I had just gotten a defective press, and I optimistically purchased a second. Imagine my dismay when three months later, the exact same thing happened to the second press. Although this product looks big and sturdy, unfortunately, looks can be deceiving.",
80404,__label__1,"Same story - had two, both broke: It's really sad to read all of these reviews and see the same thing I went through. The majority of my kitchen gadgets are Good Grips, and I love them. These presses worked great for a while. The first one developed a crack at the hinge and stopped working properly so I threw it out. Tonight, my second one split at the hinge. These things feel really solid, but the cast metal they are made with doesn't seem to be strong enough.",
80405,__label__1,"Designed for display, not use.: The first time I tried to use this beautiful tool, the rubber handle slipped off. After glueing it back on, I found out that the handles are too thick to allow complete compression. I purchased this with the thought that I had the Cadillac of garlic presses. What I got was closer to a Yugo. I ended up tossing it in the garbage.",
80406,__label__1,"chef mike: I own many good grips products and love most all of them. I have now owned 2 good grips garlic presses. The first one, was an older model that broke at the hinge. The company replaced it for free with the current model. It too broke at the hinge after just a couple of months of use. I will continue to use their other products, but I will not even bother to try to get another good grips garlic press. Total frustration.",
80407,__label__1,"A little better than the Zusi 2, but not much: This press is considerably heavier than the Zusi 2 and has a bigger capacity, but although you don't have to have super-strong hands to use it, it requires bigger hands and more hand strength than I've got. If your hands are very large and strong, you'll probably like it, but if not, forget both of these and buy the Kuhn-Rikon Easy-Squeeze instead.",
80408,__label__1,"Worked for only three years: I know I shouldn't complain too much since I used it for three years, but I just get upset when you buy a product that breaks after several years. It cracked on both sides of a handle and wouldn't put any pressure on the garlic to push through. I'm now on the market for a new one and don't recommend this one.",
80409,__label__1,"Works fine until it breaks!: Like a few others here have reported, the OXO broke right below the hinge. I would call it an average press with a better hand grip. The plastic hole clearer tended to stay lined up and worked ok. It broke while being used in normal service.",
80410,__label__1,"Worked OK... for a while...: As a garlic press, this one is ok but not great. It leaves a fair amount of garlic behind in the press, though what makes it through comes out in nicely even small pieces. It can't seem to handle unpeeled cloves well either. Definitely not if there's more than one.But the biggest reason for my low rating is that, like several other people here, our press tore completely in two at the hinge after just a couple of years of modest use. We're about to buy theTrudeau Garlic Press, which was a best buy in Cooks Illustrated's latest review.",
80411,__label__1,Broken hinge: We received a whole set of OXO tools as a wedding gift wears ago.This garlic press broke after three years of infrequent use. The metal snapped near the hinge. The rubber handles also slide off easily. Sounds like I am not the only one.The OXO kitchen scissors also fell apart after one month of use.,
80412,__label__1,"Shoddy construction: At first, this seemed to be a nice, durable garlic press. However:1) The black handles come off after a few rounds in the dishwasher, revealing metal handles with sharp casting remnants. You can slide the handles back on, but they never stay properly.2) Mine just broke while pressing one, peeled clove -- the metal itself gave way near the hinge.Not recommended.",
80413,__label__1,"Not recommended-wimpy, and bad handles!: I love garlic, and I thought this would be a great press. Not so much. My handles never leaked, as some reviewers have mentioned, rather they suddenly fell off completely, after maybe two years of moderate use. The metal handles inside are not pretty or comfortable--I use them in a hurry, but now I chop or slice the garlic by hand. I thought that the red attachment would be helpful for cleaning, but I don't find it to be significantly helpful. I also think that the reservoir that holds the garlic could be a little larger. I don't recommend this garlic press.",
80414,__label__1,"weak hinge: I've had two of these break on me now after normal use; the hinge gives way during the ""cleaning"" process.",
80415,__label__1,"Weak: Worked while it worked, but not sturdy enough -- hinge broke within a few months. Rubber handle bulky for my smaller hands. Rubber grip also tends to slip off.I had one zyliss last for 10 years, another about a year -- hard to know where to go for a press now but it's frustrating without one or, worse yet, a poor one.",
80416,__label__1,It leaks and it broke: I only owned this for a year or so and it already broke. But I didn't like it anyway because of the leaking handles.,
80417,__label__2,Easy grip: What a great garlic press. The ease of handling and pressing two cloves of unpeeled garlic at one time was so nice. It is especially easy to clean. This is a product that I would highly recommend.,
80418,__label__1,"Very hard to use: This is the first garlic press that I have ever had. The one thing that is inescapable is that it takes a lot of hand strength to use it. This fact is the overriding reason for my three-star rating. Admittedly, my hands are fairly arthritic, but it still takes a great deal of force to press the garlic through. For that reason alone, I would not recommend this tool for anyone experiencing ongoing pain in their hands; this press will surely aggravate it. The tool itself is sturdy and well made, although I'm also unimpressed with the cleaner feature; it still needs to be manually cleaned. The press goes through the dishwasher just fine. However, it's pricey to me at almost $15; it should be more like $10.",
80419,__label__1,waste of money: the hinges broke after I pressed to crush the garlic. To the trash it goes. Now I use a small food processor to crush my garlic its easier and can crush a lot at one time.,
80420,__label__1,"Don't Bother Wasting Your Money: This garlic press is next to useless. I tried to press a whole head of garlic, one clove at a time, and the press was so ineffective that I ended up chopping all the garlic by hand. Usually, a garlic press works at least a little but this one hardly even bled any juice out of its holes. I tried whole cloves, half cloves and even quarter cloves. I even tried pressing two cloves at a time. Nothing worked. I ended up throwing the press away and am ordering a new one - definitely a different brand.",
80421,__label__1,"Like many others, it broke under normal use: The unit was nice to use, but didn't last nearly long enough. Disappointing 1/5 stars.",
80422,__label__1,"Yup, it broke.: I've had two of these and they have both broken at the hinge with only occasional use over a short time. I like Oxo, too, but this product is not worth it.",
80423,__label__1,"OXO- Breaks Too Easily !: I purchased this OXO Garlic Press as it appeared to be very solid, and well-constructed.I use large quantities of garlic, and really appreciate a good garlic press.This is NOT a good garlic press!!!It breaks quite easily, as imposing as it appears..... one can only press a few, small peeled cloves at a time.It is also not as easy to clean as one would assume.I recommend the large ZYLISS garlic press. It will press unpeeled cloves, large cloves, and is much sturdier.I was quite unimpressed by my experiences with the OXO Good Grips, try ZYLISS- ***************",
80424,__label__1,Broke After Little Use: Hardly used this press over the years...maybe a dozen time tops. Last week I put two old/small cloves of garlic in and the handle broke right off. I was stunned.,
80425,__label__1,"press was a mess!: i had the same problem with our OXO good grips garlic press as many others here.1) the rubber handles needed to be taken off everytime we put this in the dishwasher.2) the red, plastic, cleaning attachment fell off of it too.so because of these two reasons it was a pain to get washed every time we used it. then yesterday, it broke and i had just bought it a year ago. it snapped in half! overall, it was not a pleasant experience. the next one i buy will have less attachments and a heftier construction.",
80426,__label__1,"Very disappointing: I love oxo products. I have a whole kitchen full of them.This garlic press is not as good as their other stuff. First of all, its not made of metal. Its made out of silver painted material (plastic?).Thus, if you put in a big clove, or dont peel the clove or maybe it just wears out, yours will break.I actually am on my 3rd one of these. The first snapped in half. Oxo replaced it no problem. Then the 2nd broke in the same way. Oxo replaced again. Now I have a 3rd. I hope this one lasts longer. The first 2 made it 6 months on average.So to sum up, its not a good press. Buy one made of metal. And if yours is broken, call OXO for a replacement.",
80427,__label__1,"Bad ergonomics, inefficient pressing, and cheap construction: I dislike this press for three reasons, and I don't recommend buying it. 1) The ergonomic design is poor--there's virtually no leverage on the garlic clove, and it takes quite a bit of hand strength to operate, even for my husband. 2) The plunger does not press the garlic clove all the way through, so there is significant waste left behind. I constantly find myself having to add an extra clove to a recipe to account for the unused garlic that inefficient press leaves behind. 3) Lastly, the metal material used for the hinges is poorly made. Due to #1, bad leverage, I found myself having to press both handles of the press against the counter (instead of squeezing it in my hand). The first one I bought broke the entire hinge, and the second one bent the hinge. I'm usually a big fan of OXO products, but this one is a loser.",
80428,__label__1,"It broke!: I purchased the Oxo garlic press because it looked sturdy. One day I was crushing a garlic clove into my pasta sauce, and the press broke. I had to throw away my sauce since I did not know if any of the metal particles broke off into it. I was very disappointed. Also, I do not like that the rubber grips are removable. After washing the press, water is logged in the grips and who has time to air dry the rubber inside?",
80429,__label__1,"i've thrown two away: i used to like oxo products a lot. oxo utensils i bought more than five years ago are still working and looking like new. most i've bought in the last three years, i've thrown out.the reason is the same for them all--and one of the reasons i got rid of the garlic presses--the handles take on water in the dishwasher and then leak that water into whatever you're mixing. just what i want in my food, stagnant water.as for the presses, there was a secondary reason--the results of pressing the garlic cloves, which have to be peeled to be pressed in the oxo presses, clumped in the pan when they were sauteed. if i didn't want lumps of semi-burned garlic, i had to spend as much time separating the pressed garlic as i would have spent in mincing it.this is not a product i would recommend.",
80430,__label__1,"not worth the $$$: I have now gone through two of these. In both cases the hinge snapped when crushing garlic. Amazing. Additionally, the rubber handles have a tendency to slip off the metal and the hole cleaner actually makes the cleaning more difficult.",
80431,__label__1,"Not so good...: I generally love Good Grips products, but this garlic press is not up to the standard of the other GG products. It does not fit together closely enough to press all of the garlic through the head - leaving a lot of unpressed garlic in the hopper. My Zyliss was damaged in the dishwasher (live and learn) but I am determined to get another.",
80432,__label__1,Terrible product! Beware!: This thing broke after a couple of months. I recently started to notice it wasn't pressing easily and then suddenly the entire hinge broke snapping the arms apart. What a piece of junk! Don't waste your money or time.,
80433,__label__1,"It will break.: As noted by many. If you use a lot of garlic--which I do--and do a lot of cooking--which I do--this will break by the joint. It is not stainless, but an alloy of a different nature.Other than that the comment on the handles is right on. They will fill with water and over time they slip off more and more. Don't be fooled by initial heft, feel, etc.I generally LOVE OXO, but they failed on durability here.",
80434,__label__1,"Breaks way to easy: I loved this press for 3 months. Used it nearly every day. Then it just fell apart at the hinge. I am not Arnold. I am 60+ arthritic, do not work out and I used it easy. It should NOT have broken!",
80435,__label__1,"There HAS to be a better press than this!: Like others here, I've owned this press for a few years. It was great in the beginning; easy to clean and use. No problems with the handles, in fact I loved them. I have cleaned it both in the dishwasher and by hand.However, after a few years of infrequent use, it became harder to clean for whatever reason. Then it became more difficult to mince garlic with it and then finally the thing broke at the hinge, again, like others here.If you want something pretty to put in your kitchen and intend to only use it once or twice a year, buy this one. If you intend to make good use of your garlic press and want something that LASTS, keep looking!",
80436,__label__1,Hurts hands: This garlic press isn't sharp enough to push garlic through. Must use 2 hands and squeeze very hard to press garlic. Wouldn't recommend this one..,
80437,__label__1,"So so for Oxo: As with most garlic presses much of the garlic stays in the press and even when you reverse it to push out the garlic with the little prongs you still end up scraping it out with a little knife. If you are pressing many cloves as I usually do and you don't scrape off the garlic on the outside before putting a new glove in, the handle can swing too far open grabbing all the garlic you just pressed out leaving it stuck in the prongs. This press is heavy in the hand but it takes a good amount of pressure to push the garlic through and it you have arthritis you probably would not be able to use this. The hinge part takes a lot of stress I would not put more then one clove at a time I think it would eventually snap off. Not my favorite item from a company that makes so many wonderful gadgets. I would much rather use my little grater and give it a rinse much faster and far less of a mess to clean. Not lovin this item.",
80438,__label__1,Don't waste your money: Rubber handle grips will first accumulate water and later they will start comming off. It's so annoying that you will have to throw them away. At the end the hindge will brake and you will regret that you have spent your dollars on it.,
80439,__label__1,"Loved it 'til it broke. I'll try Hoffritz.: Like other reviewers, I like the ergonomics of OXO. However, they haven't quite perfected this garlic press. The rubber handles slid off a couple of times in the year I had this. Easy enough to push them back up. But the metal snapped on mine too. Clear enough that they are not using good quality metal. I would rather they charge twice as much for a well made product than expect me to keep buying defective merchandise. A garlic press should last forever.",
80440,__label__1,"Wish mine had broken, I'd have thrown it out sooner.: This garlic press had enough good rewiews so that I thought it would be adequate, at least. It wasn't. It didn't break but I wish it had because it just took up space for months for no reason after I stopped using it because it didn't work well enough. Finally, after giving it one last chance, I threw it in the trash. I use a fair amount of garlic in cooking, and when I do, I still mince it myself with a knife because the garlic press is so inadequate to the task, which is what I recommend your doing rather than wasting your money on the Oxo Good Grips Garlic Press, at any rate. What is wrong with it is that the ""minced"" garlic does stick to the press and it is too much of a hassle to remove it to get the press clean, much less to actually use the minced garlic in food. Even a mortar and pestle work better. I'd try that instead if I were you.",
80441,__label__1,"thanks for the warning: I collect all types of Garlic related items ,,, old and new. But I do want items that are functional and stand the test of time. Since I use alot of garlic in my cooking in my cooking forays I don't have a use for dysfuntuol tools. Thanks for the warning''' Pigfarmer",
80442,__label__1,"not wanted: nobody shoudl use a garlic press unless they must.As far as it goes this is fine, but do avoid if you can.",
80443,__label__1,"Stay away!: Folks, I am a HUGE, HUGE fan of Good Grips by OXO but heed this and other reviews on Amazon... STAY AWAY from this garlic press!The day I received this press, I pushed the cleaning spikes through the holes to test it and two of the spikes broke off. I immediately had to return this product. What kind of cheap plastic are they using??? I couldn't imagine what would have happened if I actually had garlic or ginger in the holes!!It is entirely worth spending more on a garlic press than buying this inconsistent product. ...",
80444,__label__1,"I thought it was just me: Like many of the other reviewers, I have been a fan of OXO for years, and have purchased the Good Grips version of almost every item I've needed. Bread knife, check! Hairbrush, check! So I bought their garlic press many years ago, expecting it to be as wonderful as their other items, and, before long, it broke. I actually brought the broken one to their wholesale showroom in Manhattan, which probably no longer exists, and the replacement also broke. So, this is one OXO item I would not recommend.",
80445,__label__2,"Wonderful!: This is a very sturdy, heavy-duty garlic press. The rubber grips keep it from slipping out of your hand and spraying garlic all over the kitchen. The design of the press also means that not a lot of hand strength is required. I absolutely love it.",
80446,__label__1,"Mine broke too!: Oh why, oh why didn't I read the trusty Amazon reviews before I bought my OXO garlic press? I really liked my press and was very excited about it. Then one day I was pressing an ordinary garlic clove and it snapped into two pieces. It was less than 3 months old. What a disappointment! Don't buy this product; it's defective.",
80447,__label__2,"Beautiful observations of nature: Over Prairie Trails describes the writer's weekly travels between his teaching position in one town & his family's home in another. It takes place in the Canadian prairie sometime soon after WWI. The writer travels back & forth with his two horses pulling a buggy or sleigh depending on the weather. He describes the most memorable of these journeys. His observations of nature are extremely detailed and interesting. It did get tedious at times, but the descriptions made it worth reading.",
80448,__label__2,"Shop-vac round brush vacuum accessory: Great accessory. It came in quite handy for cobwebbing, cleaning the chairs, windows and all the little spaces. It is a very useful accessory.",
80449,__label__1,"Worst Cookbook Ever: I hate to disagree with the glowing reviews for this book but since I relied on the other reviews I had read to buy this book, I thought maybe a differing view would be useful. I am a seasoned cook and can say that this is one of the most poorly written cookbooks I have ever cooked from. I have made 3 recipes thus far. All have had major proportion issues and have lacked flavor. Even corrections I made as I went based on previous experiences could not save these recipes. If you like food that is basic in flavor (kinda like standard cafeteria fare) then you will probably like this book. If you like flavor in your food, then I suggest not buying this one.",
80450,__label__1,"These are too much work!: To me, the whole point of a casserole is ""quick and easy,"" so I want recipes where I just dump things into the casserole dish and put them in the oven. But, like many other casserole and ""hot dish"" cookbooks, most of the recipes in this book require you to do a tremendous amount of cooking and prep before you put the stuff in the casserole dish -- and, since the ingredients are already cooked, why do they need an hour of baking time? Answer: so they can be called ""casseroles"" or ""one-dish meals"". Most of these things could be stirred together and served right after the stove-top cooking process (maybe with minor adjustments), without wasting another hour in the oven. I would also add that many of these casseroles are loaded with butter and are too fattening for me. I took this book out of the library and photocopied about a dozen things -- that was it.",
80451,__label__1,"bad stuff: really boring, in between steps here.. the art work is okay, no where near as detailed as sadowski. DC seems to give up on its titles after a while, ala JLA. JSA is headed in that direction.",
80452,__label__1,One Mixed Up Mess: I am a fan of JSA but this book was an 80% disappointment...We learn that Thunderbolt has a son who is married to 'peachy pet' that cartoon character from the 40's Johnny Thunder...When in the heck did that happen.Shazam sends Captain Marvel off to find the Spectre..We only see him in three more panels fighting Superman and Batman..Where? How? Why? and we never do see The Spectre..Air Wave and the Green Lanterns go off on some wild escapade and suddenly disappear...There is a great story about Stargirl coming to terms with her family which is why it gets two stars instead of just one...A Bummer...,
80453,__label__2,"Solid and consistent!: JSA is a great underated title. Better than all books with ""X"" in the title and is great month to month and even better in the trade format. Check it out, you won't be disapointed!",
80454,__label__2,"The Best of Love: Based on seeing their album Forever Changes ranked highly by Rolling Stone magazine number 40 on 500 best albums, and a couple of their tunes being featured in the film High Fidelity, I went looking for a compilation. I landed on Best of Love because it is favorably reviewed and being a Rhino release I expected it to be of good quality. I was not disapointed. Quality is excellent for remastered 60s vintage recordings. I recommend Alone Again Or, Little Red Book, and Always I See Our Face, but there are many worthwhile songs here.",
80455,__label__2,"well, almost...: Rhino has by and large done right by the Love catalog over the years, but they just miss the mark here. No ""Message to Pretty""? No ""Castle""? No ""August""? Tsk, tsk, tsk... should've taken care of business before chasing after later tracks. And I really don't know that the lengthy ""You Set the Scene"" belongs on an abbreviated best-of like this. Of course, this does have the great Rhino sound and packaging, but my recommendation would be to splurge for the two disc _Love Story_ set. It's worth it.",
80456,__label__2,"better with age: man,i love this stuff,still one of the best bands ever,truly timeless,16 0r 60,if you like brillant music this is the bomb,clever,original,more style than 50 of the newer bands,arthur covers so many different genres ,and makes it look easy,sometimes you find yourself thinking ""what the hell happen to musical justice"",essential",
80457,__label__2,nair wax hair remover: i mainly used it on my legs so your hair has to be longer than the average stubble or else it wont work but all in all its pretty good. takes off most of the hair just make sure you do it evenly because i didnt and now im stuck with patches of hair that i keep having to go back and remove. my skin got some red bumps but it went away after a day. its been a week or two now and my hair still hasnt grown back which is very exciting and i think its worth it because i hate shaving. This product smells good but i wish it came with more applicators and more cloth strips because i need to get more now.,
80458,__label__1,"doesn't work: I tried this on my legs, underarms, and stomach. It would hardly pull off any hair, just hurt a lot pulling on skin.If I had problems just because I'm a novice (though I tried it multiple times, so you'd think I'd make headway with it), I gave it to my sister to try who is an expert at waxing her own legs as she's been doing it since she was in her teens. She didn't have any luck with it either so we chucked it. Big waste of money.",
80459,__label__1,"This product was a waste: I'm Italian and I have very coarse and thick hair. When using this product on my legs it would only pull out about 10 hairs and they were randomly placed, so I would have to go over the same place at least 5 times. If you have hair like me this is a complete waste of time and money and if possible I would give it 0 stars.",
80460,__label__1,"It was aweful!!: Okay so I decided to give waxing a try since shaving doesn't last and epilating ( I probably didn't spell that right) just wasn't my thing, and I can honestly say I HATED IT! Maybe it was just the product but the wax is SUPER messy and it pulls more on skin than hair! I mean you'll wax an area on your leg and u'll go through some pain and remove barley any hair at all. The wax doesn't stay heated long so by the time u finish waxing half of one leg u need to reheat it -_-. I do have to say that the sent is really pleasant but thats not enough of a reason for anyone to buy it. Maybe i'll try a different product for waxing but I must say this one is AWFUL!!",
80461,__label__1,"Very disappointing: I bought this wax and was so excited to use it last night. I am sick of shaving and for winter time, waxing seems ideal. It was horribly painful, pulling skin more than anything else. And to top it off, it removed some hair but broke off others so I wound up feeling like I hadn't shaved on a couple of days because I am covered with stubble!! It did remove about 3/4 of the hair, which is the only reason I'm giving it 2 stars. But the 1/4 it left behind, it simply broke off leaving a whisker feel. Not happy and will not buy again! The scent is pleasant and clean up is easy. That's all I can say about it. *sigh* Pain for nothing.",
80462,__label__2,hardback Spanish-language Bible: This bible is printed and bound in hardback form. It is the version that is used in the Episcopal Church. An essential in mission.,
80463,__label__1,Deadly Knife: I have a dead knife. This is a dangerous knife. As I was cutting something the handle and knife broke. I was only cutting cheese. This should not happen with a good knife. I loved it until it almost caused me major damage. So be careful with this one.,
80464,__label__1,"Flimsy and Weak: This is the worst knife I've ever owned. The blade wobbled side to side when I tried to cut hard vegetables like carrots and celery. Recently I read an article about the anatomy of a knife. I discovered that what this knife lacks is called a bolster. Now I know, a knife without a bolster is just a flimsy blade.",
80465,__label__2,"Got this for my mom: Got this for my mom for xmas. She is a huge Gotti fan. She owns everything Gotti. So i know she is going to love this and she has not watched this dvd, Thank you so much",
80466,__label__2,Some thing different: I was introduced to Paul Q-Pek listening the the Hardcore/Punk group One Bad Pig. So this album was a bit of a shock because the style was not what I was expecting to hear. If you can't listen to any thing but the hard stuff don't by this album. But if you like melodic music this is a definite must. This album will not let you down.,
80467,__label__2,"A+ in FuNNY!!!: I'm not a big fan of the Olsen twins but when my friend came over and insisted that we watch it, I was surprised! This DVD had reeeeeeely hilarious episodes. The Olsen twins and all the other cast members acted terrificly! I would definitely recommend this DVD and the series So Little Time. It ROCKS!!",
80468,__label__2,"A biased but sound read: This book mostly looks at the racial aspects of the colonization and founding of Australia. Most chapter headings indicate the views of the colonists as being very anti Aboriginal. Although the account is biased and highly subjective it lends itself to a very interesting read, one that any scholar of Australia or the far east and especially anyone interested in Indian-white relations will enjoy. The book details the original encounters with the natives as well as contemporary native issues, such as the 1988 bicentennial of the founding in which a massive wave of Aboriginal protest swept the nation to draw attention to the plight. Of course parallels with American Indians are everywhere. A very interesting book, although `Fatal Shore' is probably a superior and less anti-European account.Seth J. Frantzman",
80469,__label__2,"A masterpiece of insight and knowledge: I could go on and on about this book, but would fall short of its praises. I am a veteran of the armed forces, a Christian, and a patriot of this once great nation. It is not too late to turn the downward spiral we are in around, but one must know where it is coming from. We as citizens have been along for the ride way too long with a mismanaged government of the past and present. This book is fully referenced on all material. Material is from men and women throughout the government agencies and branches and from some of out greatest military leaders of the century. All in the position to know and provide documents,insight and knowlege as to the source of the cancer eating away our Great Nation from the inside out.",
80470,__label__2,"A truly magnificent book.: The Iron Curtain Over America"" is a most pertinent and excellently presented treatise on the cancer on our national set-up. ""I hope this book has had, and will have, the widest possible dissemination, particularly to our leaders-in Washington, and in industry and the press, -- and that our leaders who are ""uncontaminated"" will have their serious attention engaged by it.",
80471,__label__2,"Any one interested in History should read this book.: U.S. Army intelligence officer and SMU professor reveals the communist infiltration of the U.S. government during and after the Second World War and examines the roles of the Jews in Marxism and subversive activities. John Beaty also explains the Jewish instigation of the U.S. involvement in the war against Hitler, which the author terms the ""unnecessary war.""",
80472,__label__1,Notorious Antisemitic Conspiracy Theory: This notorious book is a thinly-veiled antisemitic attack on Jews claiming they are behind a vast conspiracy to undermine the United States and deliver it to the communist Soviet Union. It has clearly attracted rave reviews from Holocaust deniers and other Jew-bashing conspiracy theorists.,
80473,__label__1,"IMPROPER COVER TO DUPLICATE: Ms. Warwick issued TWO albums titled ""Dionne"" creating this confusion. The first was in 1972 and is the other ""Dionne"" offering on the website with the proper cover. The cover on this offering is from 1979, but includes the tracks from the 1972 album. I was most disappointed when I found that both are not issued (unless the above track listing is erroneous). The track listing for the 1979 album with the above cover was: Who, What, When, Where, Why; After You; The Letter; I'll Never Love This Way Again; Deja Vu; Feeling Old Feelings; In Your Eyes; My Everlasting Lover; Out of My Hands; All the Time. WHAT A SHAME that album apparently has not been reissued.",
80474,__label__1,Absolute Rubbish: I bought this book thinking I will get more knowledge about Discus keeping .But after going through the book I changed my opinion and think buying this book was absolute waste of money and time. Information given in the book is too general for any aquarium fish and not for Discus fish in particular. Not worth spending you precious money and time.,
80475,__label__1,"Just as it Says: This book is, as it implies for the beginning discus keeper. I will go as far as to say that this book isn't only for beginning discus keepers, but for stark new aquarium keepers of any fish. There are only a few chapters that are related directly to discus fish, and of these most of the information is VERY general insomuch that it only relates to GENERAL fishkeeping. If you are NEW to the hobby I would recommend this book, but if you are experianced at all find another, more in depth study of the discus:)",
80476,__label__2,"""Like a hot knife through butter"" says it all: It sounds like a clich, but the first time I used this scoop, ""like a hot knife through butter"" was exactly the phrase that came to mind. Try it once on some hard ice cream and you will never go back to your old scoop.",
80477,__label__2,The best scooper out there: I was excited to try out my new ice cream scooper when it arrived that I went out to buy 2 1/2 gallons of ice cream. I slided in smoothly. I enjoyed using it soo much that I have ice cream everyday!,
80478,__label__1,"Poor value: Nice shape. Good feel until you use it. Dipping hard ice cream is made difficult because the scoop lacks a full tang. I have washed it in the dishwasher 3 times and the non-stick became pitted, ruling out the dishwasher safe claim. Bottom line, too much money for not enough performance.",
80479,__label__1,"Overpriced, too small: I've had this robe for about a month now. The color is nice and it was reasonably soft out of the box. However, it's been washed twice now, and is covered in pulled threads, and feels like a cheap, thin towel. No softness at all, even when rinsed with a good fabric softener. Also, it's not very big - almost too small for me, and would never fit my husband. Compared to the robe it replaced, which lasted 15 years and was still soft, albeit coming apart, this one is way overpriced. I doubt it will last a year before being replaced. Skip this one, folks.",
80480,__label__1,"Falling Apart Faster Than Kim Kardashian's Marriage: Only a couple of washings and the threads just keep unraveling; snags easily. Only lasted less than a year. Now I am looking for a qualitly robe that will last, LL Bean!",
80481,__label__2,"Long, Soft, Pretty Durable: This was another gift. The recipient was six footand it hits just below his knees. The material is soft and very nice to the touch prior to the first washing. After a tour through the washer and dryer some of the threads got a bit fuzzy, but to my knowledge none of the actual stitching has come loose or unraveled. The color didn't blead in the wash, which was nice since the one I ordered was a dark brown. The color depicted was true to the product received and to this day it's still his preferred robe. It was a gift back in December of 2009. It holds up pretty well, but for the price I'd think one might be able to find a better deal.",
80482,__label__1,"robe that is falling apart: Nice looking, cozy robe, but started to fall apart within a week. Left a voice message for the company, no response. Was out of town, but now back and will re-attempt contact.Doug Miller480-262-0746",
80483,__label__1,"NOT IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS: I have never had any problem with Amazon. I swear buy them. I have been cautious with their third party sellers. However, still no complaints. This seller waits until 5 days from Christmas to tell me my robe is in customs and wont be available. In stock should mean in stock! E-mail response "" I wanted to give you an update on this so that you will have the time to complete your Christmas purchases"". Thank you, IT DID. I HAD TO PAY $40( in shipping) TO HAVE ANOTHER ROBE SENT OVERNIGHT! THANKS FOR NOTHING BUT A HEADACE!AND -$40 BE WARRY!",
80484,__label__2,"smooth stuff: This recording is a marvelously laid-back, positive experience, both Lacy and Cherry in fine form and interacting beautifully with each other. I know more about Cherry's work from this period than Lacy's, and that makes the disc very interesting for me, since Cherry's playing here is quite different from the exuberance he was exhibiting around the same time in his playing with Ornette; it's just as vibrant, but much mellower. He and Lacy enter an interesting, thoughtful space with each other. Lacy, too, is quite gentle, and while, of his Monk-oriented work, I prefer his recordings with Roswell Rudd -- this is a fine performance. Three of these cuts, note, are also available on the Giants of Jazz Don Cherry compilation, intermingled with tunes by Ornette.",
80485,__label__2,they don't like extreme heat: Ok I'm a new gardner. I'm living in Sicily for a few years and really want to work on a backyard garden. I thought French Marigolds would be perfect. However I find they are not happy campers in extreme heat. Over 100 deg. Some are surviving in the shade under a tree but some aren't. One little flower is barely alive but I think these would be so beautiful if it weren't so hot. Anyway I do recomend if you live in a milder climate.,
80486,__label__2,French Marigolds: The French Marigold seeds arrived on time and were as described. I look forward to warm weather so I can plant them.,
80487,__label__1,"serious student: First of all I was expecting a case to case study with answers given professionally on every case presented. But the answers are to be provided by the reader..... That was a big bummer! Secondly the book had (and still has despite everything I did against it), a very strong old tobacco smell which is the most unpleasant when you are repulsed by cigarette smoke. So that makes me a disappointed customer.",
80488,__label__1,"1974 Edition: This book is a 1974 edition with a older style cover. I was expecting a newer style cover picture, it is in good condition. However I was expecting a more up to date cover.",
80489,__label__1,"not the best: Personally, I did not find this book helpful or uplifitng - the content is too ""fluffy"" during a time when difficult decisons are being made. Might be a better read down the line after the divorce is final and you are moving on. Maybe it's the book for you if you are a big Debbie Ford fan. Books can be trial and error - this was an error for me.",
80490,__label__2,"Spiritual divorce: This book came highly recommended by my therapist and I see why. Also note that it is not based in religion. Do not confuse spiritual with a set belief system. I was not the party that was left in my marriage as was the author. I do find her insight on recoverying ones true self helpful. Healing verses stuffing the pain and telling yourself that time heals all wounds, it does not.",
80491,__label__2,"Read it Over and Over: As a guy who was going through a painful divorce, this book was a Godsend. Although portions of it might be described as ""psycho-babble"", for the most part it is nothing other than gold. The chapters on ""Acceptance"" and ""Surrendering"" changed my healing process dramatically and forever changed my perspective on life. In the darkest times of the divorce, I found myself going back to the book time and time again.",
80492,__label__1,"Lightweight: If you like gushy mushy gab about relationships, love, and forgiveness, all told in parables and ancedotes, you'll love this book. The slant is from the issue of divorce but it is like thousands of other self-help books out there. If you want practical, analytical help don't buy this book.",
80493,__label__2,"Very Helpful: After 17 years of being with my husband, this is just what I was looking for to help me move on.",
80494,__label__1,"New Age Jumbo: I love to read, and I read very well, but this book is difficult to follow. It is wordy, contains one analogy after another and quotes from various people, all of which confuse the point the author was trying to make. I started reading it thoroughly, then began skimming, then reading the first sentence or two of paragraphs that weren't describing the author's divorce, then I finally quit, and threw it away. I hate to throw away a book, but this one is blather.",
80495,__label__1,"Expecting More: If you've already got a pretty good handle on your divorce or separation, skip this book. I was expecting to discuss how to use my divorce as a springboard for an authentic, self -actualized life; instead I got lessons in how to put myself in my spouse's shoes, and other words of advice useful in salvaging what's left of the relationship with my spouse. I've done that work, I've agononized over this decision and see my present/future relationship with my spouse as business I have to attend to, in a professional way, as we raise our son. I'm past my spouse, and wish him nothing but the best as we continue to co-parent our son. Divorce will be the catalyst for my extraordinary life, but it will be a life I forge without the help of this book.",
80496,__label__2,"Out of his many, one of his best.: No writer in the last half of the 20th century was better at character development than McMurtry. In ""Terms"" he introduced us to Aurora Greenway; here he he expands and burnishes her character while he folds in a supporting cast of almost equally fascinating lesser characters. This was one of those rare tomes I wished would never end. You don't have to like her, but if you finish this book unaffected by la Greenway, you'd best read it again. Aurora's successful plan to ensure her young Grandson would never forget her is one of the most moving sequences I have ever read. Two years after first reading this novel and I still well up just thinking about it.",
80497,__label__2,"Great Book!: I loved this book, I read Terms of Endearment first and I cried at the end of both of the books. Wonderful!",
80498,__label__1,"Great set, but.....: I love this series and was super excited to receive this limited edition set in the mail, only... when it finally did arrive, it was OPENED already! Someone removed the shrink wrap and took out the cornet screen wipe. I'm severely disappointed. Buyer beware..",
80499,__label__2,Christmas 2012: Arrived in plenty of time to send to our granddaughter who love it! Don't know a thing about Lucky Star but apparently she does.,
80500,__label__2,awsome: the shirt is awsome the cd are great but not many songs on them but great anyway screen nice extra touch anime great as always and for the price its insainly cheap any lucky star watcher will love it and is a must have for any true anime lover,
80501,__label__2,"Jazz Guitar Tutorial: Metheny is often dismissed as a soft jazz or pop music sellout, but listen to this CD and you'll see that he is none of those things. His range is amazing; there is a lot of variety in his guitar voices and his improvisation is so beautiful it's hard to believe it isn't composed beforehand. This and the 'Group' album are my favorite Metheny things. He plays like a modern day Mozart.What can you say about Higgins and Haden, except 'Thank you, Lord'.",
80502,__label__2,"Metheny moves closer to Coleman: With Coleman's original ""rhythm section"" Metheny tackles 3 Coleman tunes, Silver's ""Lonely Woman"" (oh, i wish it were Coleman's) and a group of originals including the long sound exploration ""The Calling"" which features Metheny's Guitar synth. As a huge fan of the avant garde, it pains me to say that this cut is the weakest on the album, though still quite interesting. If you like this one, look into Song X.",
80503,__label__2,"Craftsman/Sears Replacements: The product is to replace 20+ year old 8 gallon Sears/Craftsman wet/dry vac wands that were lost. Could not find part in Sears Direct. These fit well to the original equipment hose and to the original equipment attachments.The vendor shipped well packaged. Arrived much faster than expected.If you need replacement wands, these are good value.",
80504,__label__2,"Under Rated...: This is one of my favorite records. Great from start to finish. The list of stars playing on it is incredible. Great songs. This is however, one time, I must disagree with the Artist. Re-mixes were not needed for any track on this double cd.",
80505,__label__2,"Mick Taylor's exquisite guitar solo: I am going to confine my comments to just one song on this album because it alone justifies the purchase, many times over.In ""Marriage Madness"", Mick Taylor plays what is perhaps the most exquisite piece of blues guitar that I have ever heard. The guitar work shows great touch throughout, perfectly complementing John Mayall's distinctive and apt vocals.""Subtle"", ""fluid"" and ""sublime"" are words that spring to mind even before the agonisingly beautiful guitar solo that starts at 1 minute into the song and stretches your emotions for another 1 minute 15 seconds or so. Mick Taylor makes the Les Paul cry, and if you allow yourself to be immersed in its gentle wailing it is hard not to be moved, too.Spoil yourself with this masterpiece which is performed with sheer genius.",
80506,__label__2,"Well made, compact storage sleeves: I've transitioned to the jewel sleeves several years ago, and I find the sleeves to be very well made, and compact.The one problem I have is finding something to store them in other than the storage chests the manufacturer sells. In my opinion, while they look well made, they are quite expensive. If anyone has found a less expensive storage solution for Jewel Sleeves that features drawers rather than shelves, I'd be interested to hear about it.",
80507,__label__2,"Gives me lots of energy and pain reduction!!: I have been taking Liv-a-Tox for 5 years - every time I quit for a while I notice more pain (have Rheumatoid Arthritis) and tiredness. I noticed a huge lift when I first used it - I took 3 tablets before going to an amusement park - I had tons of energy all day, less pain, and had a great time. Normally I would be dragging doing something like that. Since then, I use it to lift my energy - 2 per day in the morning. This doesn't make me nauseated if I take on an empty stomach either. I'm sure it is really helping my liver detox and regenerate as well - without all the detox symptoms. I love this product!",
80508,__label__1,"Wow! Spelling errors in a SAT prep book!: The Sparknotes webpage is an excellent resource, so I figured their book on the SAT would be just as good. Nope. As it turns out, they know nothing about the SATs. I've taken a few practice SATs and know the feel for the real test, and Sparknotes does not prepare you.Its fill-in-the-blanks are incredibly hard, and not just in a challenging way. The real SAT will never have any questions like they do. If you crave hard questions that are like those on the test, get the Kaplan book SAT 1600. Also, in the Reading Comprehension section, the questions are ridiculously easy, which is not how the real SAT works. And then, there are numerous spelling errors, and literally a hundred words with no spaces. (e.g., howdo )To top it all off, when referring to passages, it always gives the wrong line number. This completely ruins your test-taking experience, because you are forced to find the word or words yourself.Don't buy this book.",
80509,__label__2,"Informative and well written: This book feels like sitting with Neil Gunn and sharing a wee dram as he relates the history of whisky and extols its virtues. The reader learns how the manufacturing of good whisky is fundamentally at odds with modern means of production. This is a delightful read and a must for anyone with an interest in whisky, especially Single Malt Whisky. Gunn's writing is fine, though the conversational tone of the book may put off some fans of Gunn's fiction. The beautiful prose of Highland River is replaced by a warm and inviting conversational tone. Highly recommended.",
80510,__label__2,"beefy switch: I searched all the auto parts stores around where I live in San Diego and all they had to offer in the way of an electrical current ""on-off"" switch was the type with a green plastic knob. Having had these before and inevitably enduring their failure, I was determined to buy a switch that has more to offer than the green plastic knob. I found it at (where else?) Amazon.com of course! This knife switch has a visual confirmation that the current is either ""on"" or ""off"". When the green plastic knob type fails there is no visual clue so you have to go through a sequence of disconnecting electrical connections and eliminating possible culprits. A real pain in the you-know-what. If you are in need of this type of switch, do yourself a big favor. Pay a little more and get a LOT more...performance. Four instead of five stars is because it could be made even stronger without much more cost. More than adequate as it is though.",
80511,__label__2,Better: I bought two of the screw type and they broke just putting them on. and this is an improvement over those but still seams cheapy... can someone please make a quality one of these types of items,
80512,__label__2,hot rod off switch: this is a must for an old car-- If you think you are having a problem open the hood and stop the electricity to the hot wires. hahaha,
80513,__label__2,Great way to stop RV from draining engine battery: I read this tip on an RV website and decided to look for this device. Amazon had it for a good price. I only wish they would make one that breaks the circuit by sliding the handle to the side instead of just upward due to the limited room between the battery and the hood. I always have to make sure it's completely out of the way before closing the hood to avoid contact.,
80514,__label__1,"Not a good book: This book goes way overboard in the networking areas and scrimps on areas such as firewall topologies, intellectual property and standard types of hacks. A lot of the information about servers and networking goes way over your head unless you already know about the topic, and about half the info on networking is just touched on superficially on the exam. If you use this book to study, you're going to spend way too much time on networking and you won't know about a third of the other things -- HTML and JavaScript coding, for example -- that you need to know for the exam.",
80515,__label__1,Don't buy this!!!: I just took the exam today and I know first hand this book doesn't have a clue about what they are talking about. If you use this book you will fail the exam. I am almost tempted to write these people for my money back. It is a terrible book.,
80516,__label__1,I agree Lots of errors and misleading info.: Book seemed to have many errors. Many times I had to go to the W3 to check to make sure I was not taught wrong. Thumbs down on this book.,
80517,__label__1,"Very weak in HTML: This book gets some basic, high-level Internet information correct, but there are many errors. While a network engineer may scoff at the networking chapters, it does seem to cover the topics required for the exam. From a programmer's perspective, the HTML and programming chapters are poorly done. According to the author's bio, this is a book written by a person with networking experience, but very little programming experience, and it shows.This book is useful as a review of information you have learned elsewhere if you approach it with the goal of finding all of the errors. Typos are one thing, factual errors are unacceptable.The rating is two stars due to the networking content. Otherwise, it would be one star.",
80518,__label__1,"Do not rely on this book alone to pass the exam: This book gives detailed descriptions of topics where only a general knowledge is required for the test, whereas other important topics (like e-commerce, copyright and trademarks, firewall topology and the hacker process to name a few) are left out completely. The book also has too many errors and typos.Unfortunately it is the only Foundations book out there at the moment. If you decide to buy it, be prepared to do a lot of research on the net to find the info missing in this book.",
80519,__label__1,"Not Map to the Exam Objectives: As a Ceritifed CIW instructor, I'm sometimes asked by students as to which books are suitable to augment the already comprehensive official curriculum. I've looked at the ones currently out there, and this book unfortunately, does not meet many of the mapped objectives. For example, the over emphasis of Networking seems to be about an introduction course the the Cisco CCNA rather than the book trying to give an overview of the CIW objectives. Subsequently, because of the undue weightage, the other objectives suffer, and notably, the HTML section which is briefly skimmed through.While this book might give some additional info for those who have an added interest in networking, nevertheless, I feel that there are other books out there that give much more networking info and cost the same.",
80520,__label__2,Long Knife order through amazon: This is a wonderful book about Meriweather Clark. Great details and stories of his history.If you are a history buff it is a must read.,
80521,__label__2,Long Knife: Book arrived quickly and in shape described. I am very satisfied with the seller. Thanks.,
80522,__label__2,"Pioneer adventure brought to life ... yet based on fact!: I read Long Knife years ago and was amazed that actual history was brought to life so well and so convincingly realistic. Follow the adventures of the man the Indians called Long Knife as he mounts an expedition down the Ohio River to the Mississippi to foil the French (and others) from turning the Indians against the Americans. Along the way he meets his true love. The ending is a real wrencher. Are you a history buff or into genealogy? Find out what life was like in the late 1700s. Yes, it is better than any fictional adventure or romance novel because it's true! (Most of it, anyway.)",
80523,__label__2,Captivating Story: This true story of a young and fierce American who won the love and respect of the Native Americans is well written and generally true to the historical facts (although the love story is stretched). It is a fast and exciting read.,
80524,__label__2,excellent summary of george rogers clark: it was a good page turner but mainly for people that are fans of this genre of book. i would recommend this book to anyone with an interest in the revolutionary war time period and the western expansion into the ohio mississippi river territory. This book was more of a large summary focusing on GRC. whole books are written on just the chapters in this book.,
80525,__label__2,"What a great book!!!: This was the second reading for me,I enjoyed it more this time than the first time.It seem the early government treated our soldiers as bad as they treated the Indians.",
80526,__label__1,"Terrible Vacuum: Bought this brand new, first time I used it the suction dropped to very little after the filter got clogged. I vacuum everyday so the rug was not overly dirty. Had to remove and clean filter, also there is a foam filter that you have to wash very very frequently (eventually I took it out because of suction problems). Use the wand? Forget it, the suction is so bad it won't pick up a crumb on the floor.I am very sorry I bought this vacuum. They brag about the suction being better than a Dyson, in there dreams.I use my hoover that has a bag and is 15 yrs old and get more suction than this one.",
80527,__label__1,"garbage: I got a fabulous price on this vac - $99 from Menards. I returned it after 3 weeks. I have a 1500 sq ft home with multi surface floors. We do not live like pigs - every single time we vacuumed the floor (i/e daily) we nearly lost all suction by the time we were finished. The top filter would clog. Decided not just to give up and took to a local vac shop/warranty center. They told us it was typical and recommended returning to where it was purchased. Absolute garbage. Incidentally, we used a Dyson DC07 for 3 years until it became too expensive to repair.",
80528,__label__2,"Pricey, but good: We have two and have given 2-3 as gifts. Everyone loves them. They are solid and sturdy. Just the right weight. So far, no rusting or chipping. They feel good and are easy to use.The crackers work much better than the ones we've had for 30 years (and which probably cost 99 cents at the time). There is no wobble in the hinge and the large middle cracking area is perfect for just cracking crab and lobster legs without crushing them.The picks are well made. The forked design works much better than the curved single-tine picks and the spoon scoop end easily finishes the job.This set is expensive. Many sets are available for half or less. That's the reason for only 4 stars. I have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets, so maybe these are really worth the extra. I'm glad we have them.",
80529,__label__2,"Functional and Stylish!: I cook a lot of Alaskan King Crab Legs so was looking for something to give my hands a break. First of all, these look great, sleek silver with black rubber grips. The crackers feel solid in the hand and are easy to grip. They worked well in breaking up different sized crab legs. The little scoopers make it convenient to get the meat out of the hard to reach areas.I would have to concur with an earlier reviewer that the package is a big pain to open. I literally had to use a big cutting knife to get everything out. Once you get past that though, nothing but quality.",
80530,__label__2,"Hot erotic writing: I first read this fiction in two books by Tom Caffrey, Hitting Home and Tales from the Men's Room. It's nice to have them all in one book. I've always wondered about the man behind the fiction and so I read Mr. Ford's foreword with interest.But if you like Ford's other writing and are expecting the same in Tangled Sheets, at least read the backcover and other information Amazon has included about this book before you purchase it, are disappointed, and write a review expressing your distaste.",
80531,__label__1,"Boring: What a complete waste of talent and a total bore. Ford is a very talented and gifted writer. I thoroughly enjoyed his ""Looking for It."" I was hoping for more of the same.Instead, this is a compilation of thirty ""erotic"" or ""porn"" stories. I don't need, much less ""enjoy,"" this kind of graphic fantasy. After all, there's only so much any author can do with the same graphic details of gay sex before it all blurs into the usual ""oh."" After the third instalment, I tossed the book.If you want extremely graphic gay porn in narrative, this ""trash"" or ""tintilation"" might appeal to you. Ford is an extremely able writer. But even his spin on thirty gay fantasies wasn't going anywhere with me -- fast.",
80532,__label__2,"Wonderful!: This is a great lip balm with no scent or flavor, other then a slight beeswaxy aroma that disappears shortly after application. The formula itself is more 'waxy' then 'slick', but in no way does it ever feel like this heavily coats my lips. The balm partially sinks into my lips, and partially remains on top to continue moisturizing. I find it a wonderful texture to apply underneath my more drying lipsticks, and when I apply this overnight I find it is still there when I wake up in the morning. Long lasting moisture, and stays put. Perfect!",
80533,__label__2,"Works for me!: I've had them all! Wood, Plastic and Aluminum and I prefer the Aluminum type.Even though the wood works a little bit better, it's harder to clean and after a while it starts to look gunky and unhealthy. Hard to wash the wood after it's been used a while and the wood is no longer smooth. No matter how hard you wash, it still feels slimy and that's what bothers me.You may have to work a bit harder with the plastic or aluminum but when you wash them, they're clean and they feel clean.",
80534,__label__2,One of my favorite kitchen tools: I bought this and a garlic mincer as a wedding gift because they are two of my favorite kitchen tools. Works great. Good quality. Hope the bride likes hers as much as I like mine.,
80535,__label__2,"Heavy Duty Lemon Reamer: I was looking for a lemon reamer and was originally thinking about a wooden one, however after seeing this I decided to give it a try. When it arrived, I was surprised at how heavy duty this was. It really is built well and I expect it to last a lifetime. I'm sure I'll misplace it before it actually breaks. It's not light in weight by any means. I would highly recommend this this if you are looking for a heavy duty reamer. This is it for sure!",
80536,__label__1,"Looks Nice - Doesn't Work: This reamer looks nice and is easy to clean, that's where my good comments end. This tool is too smooth to properly ream citrus. It just spins around with very little juice coming out of the lemon. Best reamer is a plain wood one. The wood has enough texture to properly ream and makes for a good grip.Most markets sell them for under $2.00",
80537,__label__1,"Good Grips Oxo Auminum reamer LEACHES BLACK RESIDUE INTO JUICE - AVOID THIS ONE: OXO Good Grips Aluminum Lemon ReamerThis product is terrible! It leaches black into the juice! I have many Oxo good grips products and have liked them all except this one! It should be replaced with a stainless steel reamer. Not only does the black look terrible, I am concerned that it would not be good to eat. Oxo should really withdraw this product immediately with full refund. I have replaced mine.",
80538,__label__1,"Complicated: I bought the entire set and it is pretty difficult to do (if you don't have any experience with yoga like I do). It really should be marketed to those who already have extensive yoga experience. Also the ballet moves are simple but require lots of flexibility (so if you're not flexible, it will not be as useful). The hip hop part takes some getting used to and is so cheesy that I cringe! This series is way more complicated then they make it seem. I rarely use this set and would recommend going with another, less complicated series.",
80539,__label__2,"Yoga Booty Ballet: My wife has lost a total of 12 lbs after eating better and starting Yoga Booty Ballet. She has become more tone and energetic. She likes the way that it combines cardio, ballet, yoga and weights in one package. It is definitely a total body workout. At first it is hard to catch on at the pace they things but eventually you get it .",
80540,__label__1,Don't bother...: I am so sorry I wasted my money. The cover is so decieving. It looks all clean and up beat and fun. It is nothing like the cover. It seemed a bunch of religous mumbo jumbo. I tried to watch it several times but finally threw it away. I could't get to the exercise though the junk! I wouldn't have given it one star but the rating system had to start some where. Thanks for letting me get that off my chest.,
80541,__label__1,"Do not waste your money: this is the worst exercise dvd i have ever wasted my money buying. The girls are total dorks and annoy the crap out of me, the whole exercise program was unbelievable i can't describe how bad this dvd is. Save your money and buy Brian Kest instead, yes he can be abit of a dork too but his workout are awesome. The dancing section they have on their dvd prove that they are not dancers the choregraphy is terrible. I absolutely hated this product that i threw it away.",
80542,__label__1,Not what I expected!: I am very dissatisfied with this product. The infomercial does not give a true overview of the system. I would not recommend this product to anyone who is trying to lose weight. It might be helpful to someone who is trying to maintain. It was just as boring as other workout tapes. I am looking for something more upbeat. I think I will pull out Sweatin' with the Oldies!,
80543,__label__1,"Boring: If you enjoy yoga for fitness but not for its religious aspects, then this prbably isn't for you. Prepare to spend a lot of time breathing out fear, repeating mantras and intentions, envisioning light flowing into you from the universe, etc. I'm not trying to critique others' beliefs, but they should let you know in the ads that this aspect is so prominent in what is supposed to be a workout video.I'm a fairly advanced user, very active with a lot of cardio and yoga experience. I would not recommend this for beginners - it's hardly a workout, but the moves are confusing. The camera work is terrible, with narcissitic close-ups when they should be showing you moves. You often can't see what they're doing & the verbal cues are useless. Whether they call the workout hip-hop or caberet, the music is always non-stop Indian drumming with no variety among 4 workouts. There are a lot of better yoga and cardio workouts out there.",
80544,__label__2,"Yoga Booty Ballet Complete Workout System: I really liked the variety of the routines. I am a yoga teacher and I got a lot out of it. I enjoyed the intro explaining all the moves and some breath work too. I was challenged by the weights and ballet aspect of the workout. I really enjoyed the yoga, it's nice t be a student sometimes:)I would recommend this dvd to anyone wanting to change up their routine and try something new and fun.",
80545,__label__1,Waste of Money: Moves were impossible to follow -- way too complicated. Don't waste your time or money.,
80546,__label__1,"I wanted to like it but...: I hardly burned any calories. I kind of liked the basic workout. My only complaint there is the section where you use weights I have to vary the pounds b/c obviously a bicep curl with 3 pounds just will not do any good whatsoever. That was annoying to have to switch out. I did not like the advanced workout and I also tried some of the other workouts and they were just too ""dancy"" for me. I prefer turbo jam or tae bo.",
80547,__label__2,Gettin in shape & lovin it!: This exercise incorporates everything! Just what I was looking for in a workout series.,
80548,__label__2,"Complete At-Home Workout System: This includes a meditation and stretching module, unlike other home workouts I've done. I use at home exercise DVDs during inclement weather when I can't walk outside, my favorite exercise. This is a fun workout.",
80549,__label__2,Uplifting and Fun Routine: I added this routine into my workout library and I have quite a collection of workout dvd's and find it great for days when I need something that is more fun and uplighting. I always have a good time when I use thses videos. The instrutors are great and they make you feel good about yourself. The dance steps are taught a little fast at first but after a few attemps it is not hard to follow. I like the yoga sections that are incoporated into the routine. I have found that if you want to make the ab section more challenging substitute a weighted ball for the beach body squishy ball used and you will increase the intensity. Over-all this is a good series. I have already bought several others and have a fun time when I use these videos. As far as weight lose goes I am not sure because I do other programs as well and I am in good shape and do not really want to loose wight just tone and stay that way.,
80550,__label__2,"Yoga Booty Ballet: I first borrowed this DVD from the library. I had seen infomercials before, but never thought of using it. After two trials, I went out and bought the system for myself. It is a great, non-impact workout. When I was ready for the each portion to end, it did. In the basic toning workout, there are about 10 minutes of each, yoga, booty exercise, and ballet. Just enough time to feel it, but not too long where you get burnt out. I would recommend this workout to anyone - seriously!",
80551,__label__1,"It might work, but it isn't what I was expecting: Yoga Booty Ballet Complete Workout SystemIf you are expecting a mostly dance workout or a workout where you won't need to get on the floor and do situps then this is not the workout for you. This could have been my mistake, but I didn't think I would be spending long periods of time sqatting, doing leg lifts, and doing situps while squeezing a ball. Those are all the same exercises I've been told to do for ages and I hate them but they're here in Yoga Booty Ballet. One of the DVDs is more of a herky jerky dance dvd, but it all leads back to the same old exercises at the end. On top of it all, the music is dull and rather off beat most of the time.I believe this workout will produce results if done continually because it IS filled with a lot of the moves we already know to be affective, but this is not a fun, innovative, energy filled dvd. It is just another exercise tape.",
80552,__label__2,"The workout for when I don't want to work out: This is the workout I use when I don't want to workout. Yes, it's cheesy. Yes, it's corny *However*, and this is the most important thing--it's fun! The cardiomoves are easy, the ballet really works my rear end, and the yoga gives me a good stretch. Everyone looks like they're having a great time and then I end up having a great time and getting in my workout at the same time. It's not for everyone, but I think it's a keeper for me.",
80553,__label__2,"burn th e fat and have fun!: I found the series to be challenging and fun! I recommend them for you wil get a workout...I just need to keep going and get the rest of the weight off! I like the music, the scenerey and the positive verbal usage of the two hostesses!",
80554,__label__1,"would not buy this again: its a lot more yoga than ballet. the two women are really cheesy and like to say groovy. if i had a do-over, i would not buy this again. if youre looking for more of a ballet work out, i found nyc ballet II to be fun and challenging.",
80555,__label__1,"Wasn't what I expected: Typical As Seen On TV quality.Lots of marketing to sign up for other programs and merchandise.Some may really enjoy it, it just wasn't for me.",
80556,__label__1,"Should have known from the title: I bought this because I have turbo jam which I love. I thought this would be good too because it's by beach body. I was wrong - I didn't like this one at all. I thought the instructors were as cheesy as the title, the moves were weird and not easy to follow. I've taken many different yoga classes and this seemed like they made up they're own version. Would NOT recommend.",
80557,__label__1,"This isn't a workout, it's a mess: Thankfully I tried out this workout collection by renting it first! The infomercials are so deceiving to me as to what you really get. The cardio is an absolute joke. Basically you flail your arms around while doing what they call ""getting funky."" I'll give it to them that the yoga is a nice stretch, but you have to listen to them talk about mudras and other strange nonsense that I found off-putting in a workout DVD. I was looking for more of a variety in my workout, which sparked my interest in YBB. I'll be looking elsewhere.",
80558,__label__2,"NOT ALONE ANYMORE: I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO LIKE HIM, SILLY ME . THIS WAS MY SECOND ALBUM I BOUGHT OF HIS ,IN A LONG LIST . NEWLEY'S STRONG VOICE AND PERSONALITY ARE THE VERY BEST.YOU CAN ALMOST SEE THAT VERY EXPESSIVE FACE OF HIS, IT WA SA SHAME HIS PERFORMANCE WAS NOT CAPTURED ON FILM, STILL EVEN WITH OUT SEEING HIM. THE BLENDING OF SONG AND STORY ARE TIME LESS, THAT IT COULD BE ON BROADWAY TODAY WITHOUT BEING DATED.THE STORY OF LITTLE CHAP AND EVIE , COULD BE ANY ONE OF US GOING THROUGH LIFE'S UP AND DOWNS.",
80559,__label__2,"Fabulous: Hadn't heard this musical in over forty years and was delighted to find it as wonderful in 2007 as I did in the mid Sixties. I'd forgotten how brilliant a singer Newley was -- and how marvelous the score is. In this pre-election year, I was particularly impressed with how well ""Mumbo Jumbo"" still wonderfully satirizes all the bs re: politicians on the campaign trail. Do yourself a favor and buy this CD.",
80560,__label__1,"WAY OUT WEST???: Don't waste your money.This is NOT the original soundtrack music. The orchestrajust sounded like it was ""trying"" to imitate but couldn't.In fact, it sounds like some of the singers, were singingthe lyrics in BRITISH voices!! With British accents.Listening to that alone was like getting an ice water enema.Not at all enjoyable. I do not recommend this cd to anyone.",
80561,__label__1,"NOT Original Redcordings, Remastered: I blame the confusion on Amazon. Whereas the label likely thinks that ""original recordings""of the Prague Philharmonic being ""remastered"" covers them legally , it is ridiculously misleading. In the recordings world, such a descriprion always means the original recording, after some production work to improve the sound. Not a remake of a remake. Change the caption for this CD!",
80562,__label__1,"this is a joke, right?: How anyone would think this set does justice to any of the selections? It simply isn't possible to describe how painful it is to hear this rendition of Blazing Saddles. Please, don't buy these CDs you'll only encourage them to make more - thankfully I didn't purchase the set, instead I listened to a few tracks on Yahoo Music Unlimited.",
80563,__label__1,"Not My Style: This CD has a lot of good songs on it, but it just too bland for our taste. We prefer Western music to sound as though genuine cowboys are singing it - not a fancy chorus!",
80564,__label__2,"Hard to Find Great Western Themes: This CD has a number of great western themes that are not in some of the standard lists. For example it includes ""The Hallejuah Trail"", ""Blazing Saddles"", and ""Giant"". This CD also has what I consider the true theme of ""The Comancheros"". I have been disappointed with some other CDs I have purchased listing ""The Comancheros"" which had a song rather than this theme. Many of the tracks on this two disk CD go beyond the main theme music and are actually suites. The ""Big Country"" and ""How the West Was Won"" are just a couple of examples. It may be a little more expense than some CDs, but not bad for a two disk set. I am really happy with my purchase.",
80565,__label__2,"Way Out West Movie Soundtrack Collection: Excellent. I listen to the sounds of old and classic Western themes while on my frequent and long car travel for contract work, and driving through the country side listening to these wonderful old sounds is a great experience. I remember some of the great classic images,cinematography, and acting, and see them in my mind. Great collection. The only draw back is that some of the soundtracks are not the original ones, but the memory is still there.",
80566,__label__2,"This is an intensely Irish story and a good read!: Although this book is wordy -- the prose is poetic in some places -- it's a wonder to read. Williams portrays the intense emotionalism of the Irish with a flourish. The characters and problems are of the real world, the miracles are not, especially the miracle of love. Yet these two worlds drift and blend together in a world entirely Irish. I enjoyed the book very much.",
80567,__label__2,"The best love story and so much more: I read a borrowed copy of this book some years ago but never forgot it as I so often do. Recalling it recently, I decided that I must purchase it and see if it still resonated. Not disappointed, I once again devoured the parallel stories of these lovers. (They don't meet until near the end of the book!) The characters are so beautifully drawn and their stories so compellingly written, that the final chapters are deliciously satisfying. The descriptions of the Irish countryside and moody seascapes perfectly enrich this lovely tale.",
80568,__label__2,"Lyrical prose in narrative form: Niall Williams captures the heart of all who struggle to examine themselves. In this particular work, he brings forth such imagery that the reader cannot help to be transcended to that particular moment and the feelings that he wants his readers to feel are evoked with these ease of master's paintbrush. The literary piece is truly masterful yet in some instances difficult to follow as the character's lives are interwoven like bits of thread in a gallant tapistry. Once immersed in the character's lives, a hunger emerges to read on and discover their outcome. I found it like lyrical prose in narrative form, he is truly an artist!! I look forward to reading more.",
80569,__label__1,"Starts great - ends with a wimper: I thought I was liking this book, but the more I read, I just wasn't sure. The reviewer who said the ending was ""pathetic"" was correct. For my taste - far too many words to say little.",
80570,__label__1,"boring, boring, boring: I am sorry to say this after reading some of the glowing reviews from other readers, but I felt this book took itself way too seriously. The author felt the need to over analyze every situation and turn every sentence into a imagery- filled masterpiece. All the author ended up doing was writing a boring book that I forced myself to finish. When done, I asked myself, ""Why did I waste my time?""",
80571,__label__2,"Judge This Book By Its Cover: What an incredible book! I first picked up Four Letters because of its stunning cover and from the first line found myself lost in it. Williams is a talented novelist, and while I didn't want Four Letters of Love to end, I couldn't put it down. The characters and plot are rich, the story well-developed. Though the stories are all different, this book would be idea for anyone who enjoyed The English Patient or Remains of the Day. (This rarely happens for me with a book, but as I read I could see the story on a movie screen. Let's hope Hollywood treats this one well!)",
80572,__label__1,"Trys to hard: Niall Williams admits in the interview he tried to make every sentence perfect in an attempt to get this book published. As I writer myself, I know that you can try too hard and rewrite too many times. Williams' writing and sentence structure taken in small doses are dazzling but grouped too closely together, the shine is lost. The plot and characters are also veiled by the flowery, gem-like sentences one after another. As for the ending, it lacked a strong finish to satisfy the imagination.",
80573,__label__2,"Magical: Wonderful characters, stories within stories. This book offers beautiful writing, a deep spirituality and a happy ending!",
80574,__label__2,An exceptional novel of beautiful writing about love.: I have rarely experienced a novel that has kept me thinking about it for such a long time....a most exceptional story about the struggles and wonders of love so beautifully juxtoposed...are you a romantic? do you believe in the overwhelming mystery and power of love?....then read this book.,
80575,__label__2,"great imagery: I read this book close to two years ago, and I still feel that it has some of the best imagery that ive come across you can picture everything clearly- and the writing is so fluid and beautiful, theres nothing to jarr you. The only reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because it was an assignment to read this book. A wonderful travel book. Good for relaxation.",
80576,__label__2,"Good Flashlight: I've had this flashlight for about 4 years. I purchased it because of its visor clip; it allowed me to mount it on a visor and shine it on a GPS system sitting on the car dash. Nice and bright, no problems after 4 years.",
80577,__label__1,"NO COMPRES: DO NOT BUY THESEthey do not stay onthey are flimsy, and the headband part is as soft as a piece of yarn- no stability at all.the cord is too shortthe sound is mediocre at bestno matter how carefully you wedge them behind youre head they do NOT stay putthe detachable parts fall off every time you take a step. forget about running in them!",
80578,__label__2,"Excelent Phone: excelent phone, i've had ppc-6700 and a treo 650.what i like more about the htc is the size, is quite small almost to the size of a motorola a-1200, very practical and fast.the downside is the lack of touchscreen",
80579,__label__2,"Best smartphone: I have had at least 10 different types of Smartphones. I have been using this phone for about 6 months and it is without question the best. The only negative--if you use the screen a lot, the battery life is not as strong as I would like. Every phone I have tried has this same problem.",
80580,__label__2,"Forced to read for school - but ended up enjoying it.: I was forced to read this book for a law school class, but it turned out to be an easy and enjoyable read.",
80581,__label__1,"Pillow not as pictured on Amazon: The pillow I received does NOT look like the one pictured. It is sewn on a MUCH darker ground fabric, more kahki brown than white. The darker ground color does not enhance the stitched pattern and colors. I was terribly disappointed by the ground color although the embroidery was as I expected.",
80582,__label__2,"Good all around, nice price.: I bought this for use as a bread knife in a small restaurant.It's used 50+ times a day to cut french bread and small cherry tomatoes.Excellent handle, dulled rather quickly but still very sharp and functional, but considering it's being used in a professional setting I think it's held up *very* well.The handle is excellent but can get a little greasy, but even when it's greasy it doesn't slip, it's has excellent grip.",
80583,__label__2,"Yep, it's a bread knife: Solid grip.Overall seems to be good quality.It cuts bread really nice.I don't think you can beat the performance of the knife when compared to the price.",
80584,__label__1,"Great Handle LOUSY Blade: While this product has a great handle that is comfortable to hold and easy to handle, the blade is so poorly made that it destroys the usefulness of the knife. You are much better off buying a good knife from a manufacturer with experience in making blades. Don't waste your money!",
80585,__label__2,"This book was sooo cool! Hoow could ANYBODY hate it?: In this story a girl named Julie has a pack of wolves as friends. When the leader of this pack was shot she nursed him back to health. When a epademic of Rabies occures, she has to help before her pack is infected. To learn more about this book, you should buy it. It's more than worth the money.",
80586,__label__2,"Synopsis: This was an inspiring book that sometimes made me feel that I was in on the action! Jean C. G. really put to mind the feelings of the wolves in this book. I would surly recommend it to people with an interest in animals. But be sure to first read ""Julie of the Wolves"" as this book comes before ""Julie's Wolf Pack.""",
80587,__label__2,"A Truly Remarkable Tale: Out of all of the three books of this series, this is the very first one I read- and the very best. The book does a fantastic job in describing wolf life- and making the reader fall in love with the characters. The book keeps your attention well throughout the whole book- and you really care about what happens to these amazing wolves. This is a must read for any young reader.",
80588,__label__2,"Julie is lost in in the wilderness with no food.: The book ""Julie of the wolves"" was a very touching book and wonderfully written.",
80589,__label__2,"Julie's Wolf Pack: If you loved Julie of the Wolves and Julie you will love yet another sequel. Julie is not really involuved in this book , It focuses mainly on the wolves themselfs. I loved this book and I hope Jean Craighead George will continue the Julie and the Wolves trilogy!",
80590,__label__2,"Julie's Wolf Pack- - - Awsome Book!! U gotta read it!: Ok, oh my gosh. This book was really good! I think the ending was happy/sad becasue i wanted him to join the pack. I cried when they sadi they were gonna put Kapu in a Zoo. I would reccomend that kids in the 6th grade and over read this book, it may be somewhat hard to follow. This book got me thinking of animal rights (when they caught capu and held him captive) i dont use makeup tested on animals. Or shampoo. You should read this book- It feels like you are there, part of the pack. You feel the emotions- its very strong. Every time i read this book i always cry when Kapu gets trapped! it ThAt good. You like it- you dont like it- but this is how i feel. I would definatly garentee that afted you read the first book, you will love this book!",
80591,__label__2,Julie's Wolf Pack: Julie's Wolf Pack is the sequal to Julie's Wolves and Julie. It is about a girl named Julie who is able to communicate with the wolf pack in there language. The pack is soon known as Julie's wolf pack. This was an awesome book. It was very interesting. -M.B.,
80592,__label__2,"One of the best books ever!/By:SMR (grade 5): Julie's wolf pack was great! I couldn't put it down! My mom would call me to dinner but I would be so lost in the world of the wolfs I wouldn't even hear her.I read the other books in the trillogy, but this one was different. This one showed you the life of the wolfs through thier eyes. I almost cried when the pups died.Don't take my advice. Read the book for yourself. I am positive you will love these books if you like wolfs.",
80593,__label__2,"Interesting book about wolves: The thing that I liked about the book was the wolf. I liked the book too because my uncle had a wolf before and it reminded me of that wolf. I liked it too, because it was really interesting. The best part was when the lady let the wolf go to its family pack. The reason I liked this part the best was because the wolf needed to be with his family instead of with humans. Wolves have to have their own family and protect their siblings.I would recommend this book to anyone who likes to read about wolves.",
80594,__label__2,Another winner: Kat Martin delivers with this new book. Clay and Kitt's conversations are edgy and sensual at the same time. It's a great way to spend a long evening. Can't wait for the next book by Martin.,
80595,__label__1,BORING BORING BORING: Don't waste your time reading this book. It was very predictable. It just seemed to drag on and on. It seems like Kat Martin took ideas from other books and put them into this one. It gets boring to read the same old stuff written over and over again.,
80596,__label__2,"Couldn't put it down!: Reading Kat Martin again was a real pleasure. The story of Kitt and Clay was really intriguing with the twists and turns. When two people meet and there is an instant flaring of the senses, you know that it is only a matter of time before the sparks fly and passion ignites. This was the kind of book I just couldn't put down. I read it in line at the supermarket, gas station and even at a long red light.I am really looking forward to her next book. Fanning the Flame that is due to be released in August 2002. Way to go, Kat. Keep 'em coming.",
80597,__label__1,Where Was the Author?: Kat Martin has written some very good books. This book is not one of them. It has neither well-developed characters (to call them one-note would be giving them more resonance than they have) nor a credible plot. Good cookbooks have more genuine passion. I hope she was producing (not writing) this disappointment while on autopilot thinking about a forthcoming novel worty of her skills.,
80598,__label__1,"yawn: I am a total Kat Martin fan. I absolutley love her, but the problem with this book, is that it goes no where! I can barely turn the pages without falling asleep. Her best book, by far, was Devil's Prize. It was packed with drama, some mystery, and suspense! This book was just too boring for my taste!",
80599,__label__1,"More like ""The Fire Died"": I read Hot Rain, Martin's contemporary romance, so I wasn't expecting much in the way of plot. However, the characters in Hot Rain did maintain great chemistry, which unfortunately was not the case for The Fire Inside. The hero and heroine begin with a sizzle, even though their verbal battles weren't near as fascinating to me as other reviewers seemed to find them (The heroine says ""You're incorrigable!"" several times throughout the book). The chemistry dies off about halfway through the book, and to make it worse, the heroine is a complete [...]. I had to throw the book down when Kitt came breezing back to London expecting Clay to simply forgive and forget the fact she had left for months on end without an explanation. I can't tell you how the book ended (I couldn't bear to finish it), but I can probably guess. If you're in the mood for a coookie-cutter romance, go ahead, but I felt compelled to warn everyone...",
80600,__label__1,ANOTHER NO-SOUND VICTIM: I ordered JOHNNY LEGEND'S DEADLY DOUBLES VOL 2 because a previous commentator wrote that themanufacturer had stopped sending out defective copies with no sound for Murder in the Red Barn.Not so. Fortunately the seller (not the manufacturer) is refunding my money.BUYER BEWARE! THERE SEEMS TO BE NO WAY TO BE SURE YOU'LL GET A PROPER COPY.,
80601,__label__1,"!!!!!!!!!! MURDER IN THE RED BARN HAS NO SOUND !!!!!!!!!!!!!: I PLAYED THIS DISC ON THREE DIFFERENT DVD PLAYERS DENNON , PIONEER , SAMSUNG . NO SOUND ON MURDER IN THE RED BARN . THE FACE IN THE WINDOW DOES HAVE SOUND . THIS IS THE FALT of THE COMPANY THAT PRODUCED IT and IT'S LACK of QUALITY CONTROL .",
80602,__label__2,"If you like the Blues buy this album!: This is one of the best discs I've listened to in a long time. If you like the genre you're bound to know at least half the people who play along with John on this album, all of them ""name"" talents in their own right. I picked this up on a whim since I'm a fan of Shannon Curfman, and had heard of John Mayall but had never listened to him, I was VERY happy to discover just how good the entire package was! I threw it into the store play mix at the record store where I work and have hooked quite a few people onto this. If you like the Blues you owe it to yourself to give this a listen.",
80603,__label__2,"WOW !!!!!: I was in my local music store looking for some blues - very small selection of blues in my area. I was getting frustated when I happened onto this CD in the wrong bin. I decided to give it a try because of Mayall's track record, and with the awesome talent assembled here I thought that some of it would be OK (plus it was a dual layer SACD disc as well).I always knew Mayall was an excellent band leader, but he does an amazing job keeping this level of talent focused. The song writing and material selection for each artist is right on target. This is a must have CD for any progressive blues fan - maybe any rock fan !!! I would put this in the top 20 of my favorite prog blues albums of all time. Buy this CD !!!! - you will not be sorry.",
80604,__label__2,"Good Movie!: Having just watched Fuera Del Cielo immediately before watching this film, I expected a lot more to go wrong in the way of violence and crime, in Mexico City. Instead this film, effortlessly follows three separate, but equally interesting stories, as the four young men separate and have their own adventures and misadventures, over one evening. All of the actors are good, but I especially liked the beautiful Montserrat De Leon as the Bus Driver (that is her on the DVD cover.) This is more of a character study and the connections the characters make with the people they meet that night. This was not really a comedy, but there were some funny moments. Overall, I really enjoyed this film. I liked the fact that most of the characters were decent people and not the usual jerks that inhabit the American version of this type of film. The subtitles were a little quick and I had to hit pause a few times to keep up, but otherwise no other problems. Good Direction by Eva L",pez-San
80605,__label__1,"poor: dvd was not in a re sale condition, the rating is less than a 25%, dvd was too scratch to watch on any kind of dd player",
80606,__label__1,A bust if you use XP: Can't get Painter 9 to work on XP at all. Very frustrating. And here I was thinking Corel must have finally figured out how to release software without major bugs. Won't buy anything from these guys again.,
80607,__label__2,"Nice!!: I must confess, I haven't purchased Corel Painter IX yet... but I definitely plan to. I have downloaded and successfully used the trial version. I have Windows XP Home Edition and I have NOT had any difficulties using the trial version. Don't know about the real version, but I expect if I've had no trouble with the trial I will have no trouble with the full version. Looking forward to creating some wonderful things in the future :)",
80608,__label__1,"This software is all thumbs: I found this product to be a major letdown. The disappointment began with the goofy ""finger"" package (which doesn't really convey the product is a painting app), and continued with what is inside the package. I found the performance sluggish, and the program crashed on me numerous times. Also, the interface is not well designed, and I didn't find it intuitive at all. Luckily, I didn't throw down any cash for this product, as I was lucky enough to have a friend who had a copy. We were both disappointed, and are thankful that there are other, better painting products on the market these days.",
80609,__label__1,"continual crashes: I'm running Windows XP, service pack 3 and have plenty of room on my computer for Painter IX. The trial version that came with my CorelDRAW X3 worked fine, but now that I've bought and installed the program it continually crashes with certain brushes. Corel support for the program seems non-existent. I evidently bought a useless program. I can't find updates or patches. I've been using CorelDRAW programs professionally ever since Corel 4, both the vector and the painting programs, and had nothing but respect for Corel, but the lack of support for their older programs seems to say the company wants to force you to buy new computers and brand new Corel products.",
80610,__label__1,"Corel does not patch or stand by this product.: I loved this program. Used it for years. Now probably because of some update to windows XP it does not work anymore. Tried everything even seeking Customer support from Corel which unfortunately has a justified reputation for terrible support.You would think they would release a patch that fixed it. So far no patch.. no program that works. I even tried buying an upgrade. Corel painter !! in hopes that I could get back to work. But nope. It is so buggy that it is useless on any machine I load it onto and again, Corel has no patch to offer that makes it operational and no help is offered or to be begged, borrowed or stolen.After years and years of using Corel products.. Painter, Photo-Paint- Coreldraw I finally have to admit defeat. I advise anyone reading this to benefit from my experience with corel.Going to wave sadly goodbye and try Adobe now.",
80611,__label__1,Didn't Work with XP: Frustrating. Couldn't get it to work with Windows XP. Which is only the world's most common DOS.,
80612,__label__2,"Not just for people with arthritis!: This knife may just be the greatest thing since sliced bread, especially if you slice your own. I suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome, arthritis and fibromyalgia. Since I started using this knife, working in the kitchen has become much less painful for me. The ergonomically designed handle holds my wrist in a non-stressed position, which is important for not causing damage to my wrist, and the quick, cutting/sawing action makes the work much faster, making the use of a knife much less painful. Bread is not the only item that this knife cuts either. I have used it to cut cheeses, meats and frozen vegatables. My husband doesn't suffer from my afflictions, yet he loves using this knife too. Arthritis or not, we need to keep our joints healthy and I think that everyone would benefit from using this knife!",
80613,__label__2,"documentary: Interesting documentary - factual - good footage and interviews with first wife, daughter and long-time associate. Nothing new - good reference work.",
80614,__label__2,"well done: This is a fine look at Gene Kelly. Some of the footage used is miraculous - the duet of Kelly with Astaire is amazing. The reminiscences from a number of people work well, the pace of interview/footage is well crafted. Some of Kelly's career gets glossed without much attention, but for a 90 min. documentary, this is about as good as it gets. The tone of the piece is never cloying, for all the admiration Kelly engenders, and rightfully so. He was an immense artist. Stanley Tucci narrates, and there's ample enough coverage of his private life, especially with his children, to whet your appetite for more. The presentation of his art is first-rate, even as you want more. Gene Kelly's admirers won't be disappointed.",
80615,__label__2,"WOW: This movie showed what an amazing dancer Gene Kelly was. This is one movie I recommened for anyone who loves the world of dance, thinks Gene Kelly is Hot (lol) or if you love musical theater.",
80616,__label__2,Very informative: This is a very informative commentary on Gene's life and career. We have enjoyed watching it though we seldom watch it all the way through at a sitting. It is a bit slow paced compared to a Gene Kelly movie. My daughter did a paper on it for college and got a good grade. That was worth it!,
80617,__label__2,"A wonderful tribute to Gene Kelly: I enjoyed this documentary more than any book I've read about Gene Kelly, simply because it was visual. I think it was extremely well done, especially the interviews with his co-stars, first wife, eldest daughter and colleagues.I really enjoyed watching clips from some of the movies which aren't really as prominent as Singin' in The Rain & An American in Paris, but no less enjoyable. I'm using it as a basis to widen my DVD collection.",
80618,__label__2,Webster's New World Letter Writing Handbook: This is an excellent book to have on hand if you are a frequent letter writer. I've learned valuable information just by skimming through the book. I recommend this book to anyone looking for information on how to correctly write a letter.,
80619,__label__2,"Webster's New World Letter Writing Handbook: I am just delighted with this purchase. There are so many different examples of letters and letter formats to look at. If you are looking for specific instruction on how to create a letter, this book is sure to be an asset to you. There are also tips for writing which will allow you to design the letter of your choice in your own words!",
80620,__label__1,"Letter writing is nor just for Business: This is a good book for those who are in school or trying to gain entrance into the employment arena. However, I was looking to write a personal thank you note to friends or meeting new persons. This book never mentions this type subject except from a business approach. The book is on my self in case a need arises.",
80621,__label__1,"Not Erikson's best work.: Much as I love Erikson's novels, this first novella was a bit of a disappointment. Bauchelain, Korbal Broach and Emancipor Reese were fun characters in Memories of Ice, and it's good to learn a bit more about them. But the story is weak - it might have been good as an element in a full-size novel, but isn't strong enough to stand on it's own.Hopefully Erikson will get things right in the next novella. Not to mention, hurry up with the next novel.",
80622,__label__2,"Not Free SF Reader: Battleaxe perhaps better than necromancy.When a man, whom we discover later is an old veteran, has something unfortunate happen to a previous employer he has to find a new job.First a few beers though, which is maybe not the best thing beforehand. His new employers turn out to be anything but ordinary, and he soon finds himself mixed up in a serial killing investigation led by the King's best investigator.Starts off in a lighthearted manner, and descends into something nastier, as our protagonist, Reese, is in way over his head.Apparently part of some backstory of his Malazan series, although I am not sure this is good enough to make me want to read 7000 pages of that, as yet.",
80623,__label__1,"Poor transfer: This is a film I remember fondly, but was very disappointed with this transfer (from 905 Entertainment); the colours are faded and the soundtrack very coarsened and almost unlistenable - indeed, the very opening of Vaughan Williams' superlative score has been clipped in this version. There's now a far superior transfer available from Optimum Classic as part of their Easling Studios Collection - on sale from amazon.co.uk: vibrant colours and a much better soundtrack, so the extra dollars for that version are worth it!",
80624,__label__1,"Unacceptable transfer from 905: This 905 edition of Scott of the Antarctic should be withdrawn from sale by Amazon immediately. The picture looks like it has been taken from a VHS tape, by an operator holding a shaky hand held camera. The sound is tinny to the extreme. There is no need to tolerate a film issued in this poor quality. The Optimum Classic version shows how well the film has survived, with beautiful vibrant colour and excellent sound to do justice to the Vaughan Williams score.",
80625,__label__1,Good History: I have seen this DVD and the script and characters are absolutely first rate. However the DVD quality of the picture is very poor.We are going to Antarctica this November and it does give you a great background for the history of Antarctic exploration.,
80626,__label__1,"Lame-O: I saw Jackie open for Susan Tedeschi a week ago and for the first two songs I was impressed by how talented this guy is. He can play everything and he can play everything very well. He has a great voice with great control, but he's got no soul. The music is very cheesy and predictable. After a few songs, which all start sounding the same, I was so bored that I was regretting buying the tickets to see Susan. I acutally felt sorry for the musicians that he hires because there's no way anyone that I know would want to play this without getting some $$.Thankfully Susan came out and kicked ass and made me completely forget about this guy. When I was leaving someone was talking about how his recordings were great so I checked out this disc to give him one more try, but it's just safe poppy middle of the road music. It's just like Coldplay, Eric Clapton, or even Hootie and the Blowfish...safe radio friendly music. Jackie please stay away from the blues because you just don",t have
80627,__label__2,"another great record: What a treat to get 66 minutes of new music from this talented musician! More fine songwriting and musicianship on this new record, with a richer sound than his previous releases thanks to the addition of synthesizer on a few tracks. I still wish he'd decrease the amount of slow, sad numbers and increase the lively blues tunes he does so well, but I'm still glad to hear anything this guy does.",
80628,__label__2,"Dare I say Dylanesque?: This is my first Jackie Greene CD, and based on my reaction I'm sure I will be adding to the collection. Comparisons to Dylan are probably inevitable. Greene's style of songwriting owes a lot to Dylan, and on the couple of acoustic guitar/harmonica driven numbers on this disk you may find yourself having flashbacks. But Greene's arrangements are deeper and more complex and except for the couple of aforementioned songs, fully fleshed out with a full band. Make no mistake, the guy has developed his own voice and isn't simply a clone. Great range of themes here on this disk, too, from playful to songs of lost love, and of a friend who died too young. This guy definitely deserves success, and I hope he finds it!",
80629,__label__2,"Great Music, Truely: I used to hate this type of music. Because I was a hard-core modern jazz fan.However, this CD changed my perception. Whatta HAPPY music!!!!!!Cliff Jackson is the greatest piano guy.",
80630,__label__2,"Must-have for the trad jazz fan: This wonderful recording ""saved"" Elmer Snowden's unique banjo work for the ages. Especially for the fan of the four-string banjo in early jazz, this is a priceless link. Aside from the terrific playing, the music is full of joy and mischief. Cliff Jackson and the rhythm guys are perfect foils for Elmer's style, which has guided my own banjo work in trad jazz bands over 50 years. I first encountered this recording on LP in the mid-60's. Its inspiration for me and my band-mates was incalculable.Lou Raichle",
80631,__label__2,"Same as OEM - fit perfectly: The filters are the same you'd get at Nissan dealership. I asked the parts department to show me what they sell directly and they showed me a Bosch box. The price on Amazon is about the same (give or take couple dollars) as in the local auto stores, but you don't pay taxes and they come directly to your home.Installation was a breeze and they fit perfectly. Keep in mind there are two filters in a pack.",
80632,__label__2,"Excellent cheese plane: Does what it's supposed to, and does it well. I especially like the grip, and it is surprisingly light. I gave four out of five not so much because there's something wrong with it, but because I've had cheese planes that have less resistance when slicing, but the difference is not big. So overall, an excellent cheese plane.",
80633,__label__1,"Poor quality: This plane in no way compares with one I bought in Amsterdam in 1976. Although we have super glued the handle it works well, but I thought this new one would be nice. The blad is thinner and too flexible. I am not happy with it.",
80634,__label__2,"Comfortable: This plane is pretty comfortable. The one we had, had a wooden handle that split. Leaving us with just the plane. Having a full rubber handle is nice. The blade seems okay. Could be a little sharper to help with flaking at the end of the block but it gets the job done.",
80635,__label__1,"Terrible cheese plane: I had a cheese plane for years and loved it, but the wooden handle cracked. I purchased the Oxo since I had been pleased with their other products.This planer simply will not slice cheese for me. I used it for a firm cheddar block, and could not make it work. I plan to write to Oxo to complain.",
80636,__label__2,"Works Great!: I ordered this OXO Good Grips Cheese Plane from Amazon because I needed just a few more bucks in my cart to qualify for free shipping, and the only other cheese cutter I have is the big kind with the wire, that I risk my life with upon every use! I hate that thing!This thing, however, I love. It cuts perfect slices of cheese! Very happy.",
80637,__label__1,"Does not live up to other OXO Good Grips products: The main problem with this product is that the metal part is way too flexible. It bends all over the place when you are trying to use it to make a slice of cheese. It needs to be much more rigid than it is. When it does actually cut, the slices it makes are nearly transparent. Way too thin.Spend a little more money and get something that's made out of rigid steel and doesn't flex and bend all over when trying to use it. Big let down.",
80638,__label__1,too bendy!: I loved this the first few times I used it--very thin consistent slices of hard cheese. But then it started bending (in the neck between handle and slicing face). Hard to slice a piece of cheese when it's bending backwards on you. Am going to look for a slicer that has a sturdier looking neck/handle.,
80639,__label__1,"Faulty design: I received this for a gift. It worked well for a couple of months, but is not made to last. Because the metal connecting to the handle is flimsy, it flexes and bends slightly with use. After less than 4 months, mine broke cleanly in half. My previous cheese planes lasted for many years, only to be discarded after getting dull.After sending an email to OXO, they replied quickly and offered to replace the item.Pros: thin,sharp, flexible, cuts nicely. Company has very good customer service!Cons: thin metal will most likely break",
80640,__label__1,"Was Good At First....and Then...: This bends- and bends and feels like it will soon just break off. Now because it bends so much, it does not cut well anymore. I would not buy this product again, and I don't recommend it either.",
80641,__label__2,Fantastic: All the Matches were Great but the One that tore down the house was the Page-Savage one.Please Bring back Randy Savage!They hit each other with trash cans and anything that wasn't nailed down.,
80642,__label__1,I loved this PPV: I would have given it more stars if they had made the price a little lower. But it was a great PPV.,
80643,__label__2,"The Hershey Bar Album Not Stale 30 + Years Later: What's to say, Chicago is one of my five forever favorite bands, in fact I have had the vinyl of this album since it came out in the mid to late 70's. The only reason I bought this, was to have a CD copy. The sound, the songs still incedible sounding. This is one away from Terry Kath's tragic death, and should be remembered as some of his last work. As a guitar player myself, I loved his playing, to this day some of his 40 year old solos are still fresh and hard to duplicate by some of the best. As Trombonist James Pankow said at their 35th anniversery concert, ""Terry was the living breathing soul of the band"".If your a Chicago fan and don't have this album, buy it you will like it. If you are not a Chicago fan Why? Buy it, it has some good cuts on it.",
80644,__label__1,A Dud: I found this album to be pretty lame not one sung jumped at me after numerous listens. We all know the overplayed sappy insipid ballad If You Leave Me Now i was tired of it 15 years ago. I have no problem with ballads but when they are made strictly to make money that is when i have a problem with them. The thing with this album is the music is simply not that good no standouts as i say. I realized Terry Kath passed away before the making of Hot Streets but at least that album has four good tunes. Skip this one please,
80645,__label__2,"Royal Doulton Series Ware Vol. 4: If you want to collect Royal Doulton series ware, I consider all four volumes in this series a ""must have."" I like this book because of the detailed photos -- the author goes way beyond just giving you a taste of Royal Doulton. If you only have one or two pieces of series ware, this book will help you identify them and let you see the whole spectrum of items that would complete your collection. While a terrific reference, this book is not a price guide and no prices are included. The only thing I wish this book had was more color photos. The china is so beautiful it deserves more color. That is the only reason I didn't give this book 5 stars. Louise Irvine really knows her Royal Doulton - this book looks like a labor of love to me.",
80646,__label__1,"good, but not great.: Watched this movie on TCM. Lot's of stars, but not much in the way of believeability. But, it's apparently true, after being sentenced to death and then having his sentence commuted, Mr. Resko was paroled after only serving 17 years?! As far as the move goes, it appears to be an old TV video. The lighting really sucks. If another director had done the same movie with the same scenes and the same dialogue, but changed the camera angles and lighting, it could have been a great movie.",
80647,__label__2,Excellent Road Map: This book is absolutely one of the best books I have read on career planning and navigating the corporate world. It demythfies the corporate game and shows who really goes ahead. This is an excellent book for all professionals who want to proactively plan their own careers.,
80648,__label__2,"Land Girls: Like others who have watched this series, I was dissapointed that it was written more like an American soap opera than a drama with side stories.WW11 in England must have been absolutly frightening, bombs dropping, children taken to the county to live as evacuees for safety. Even if this series takes place in the country, technically away from the war, I think it could have connected better with the main event.",
80649,__label__2,good intertainment.: This is a good series. If you like the thirties and forties.An interesting English series about women in England during world war two.,
80650,__label__2,"Hubbard Live at Cibelo Creek: Ray Wylie Hubbard is not only one of the great song writers in Texas (and elsewhere), but he is a stellar performer. A serious musician, Hubbard is also the best story teller around. For those of you who have not seen him live, this album is a perfect introduction to his special brand of humor as well as his ability to handle soulful ballads and honky tonk rock. If you like the intelligence of folk, the downhome feel of Texas country, the excitement of honky tonk rock all packaged in some humorous (and uniquely Hubbard introductions) get this album. It is the real thing!",
80651,__label__1,"For real jazz heads this is wack!!: If you enjoyed this you obviously really arn't into raw jazz. This is worst than the smooth jazz out now. I appreciate this album for what it is musically( im a jazz trumpet player)but this insnt even a challenge for me to play. I respect it only because Miles was just taking new directions. People who play this kind of music all the time arnt real musicians,Sorry. I wouldnt pay over 5 dollors for this.",
80652,__label__1,"Awful... pure dreck.: If you've never heard this album and are a Miles fan.. AVOID THIS ALBUM AT ALL COSTS!! This is nothing like any Miles you would know or ever want to know. It's the cheesiest pile of 80's rap, trumpet twidling and absurdness ever put to CD. I am still a huge Miles fan, but this seriously knocked my respect for him down a notch or two. Beyond awful- it's almost painful to hear.",
80653,__label__1,"Miles's worst album: This album, I definetly don't reccomend. There are two or three good songs but the rest stink. A poor follow up of Decoy.",
80654,__label__1,"Come on man!!!!: It never ceases to amaze me on how fans of Miles Davis (few) claim to really enjoy this piece of garbage! Truthfully, I don't even know why this album in particular was reissued. The first track ""One Phone Call/Street Scenes"", the crappiest track on the album re-caps from when he was arrested by the police while driving his Ferrari. Sting makes an unnecessary appearance on the track posing as a French cop (gag). ""Time After Time"", and ""Human Nature"" are the only songs worth listening to out of the rest. I'm not so sure what a genius like Miles Davis was thinking when he put this one out, but this was a big let down. It does, however, feature some great musicians i.e. John Scofield, Darryl Jones, etc. If you're interested in 80's Miles, start with Tutu. The songs on Tutu were written by Marcus Miller and way better than this one.",
80655,__label__1,"Miles' Nastiest Album Ever!: This album contains an embarrassing ""rap"" and an even more offensive cover with Miles and a toy gun. Insulting to my intelligence, this album should be banned. I've heard Miles empty his spit valves with better musicality. Stay away! END",
80656,__label__1,"Poor quality Miles: This is one of the very worst albums in Miles' entire 45 year recorded output. It contains uninspired performances by Miles' standards, and some of the least distinctive material. Even a great artist can have a dud now and then, and this is Miles' big dud. When you listen to this album in the context of all of Miles' electric music, it is dull and disappointing.",
80657,__label__2,"Miles' pop album is really neat: I bought this in '85 just prior seeing Miles in concert. The show really knocked me out. I haven't seen of bass player Angus Thomas anywhere else. One of the best bass players I've ever heard. I recall they played all of the Arrest tunes but maybe even 1 hour more of cooking funk. The album is more polished as the case often is when it comes to studio albums, but I think it is really good anyway. Hard driving and funky. Even the pop ballads are nice!",
80658,__label__1,"bad: a complete letdown after decoy, a nasty follow-up, but it gave him an FM hit. I think it was a remake of Time after Time. There are no redeeming moments that I can remember on this CD.",
80659,__label__2,"Arresting Concept...: I have no harsh words of criticism for Miles' 1985 pop-soft jazz effort. While so-called die hard fans of Miles or jazz used adjectives such as ""flop"", ""poor quality"", and ""worst"", it is anything but...The only slight unstable choices he made was to do cover instrumentals of Michael Jackson's Human Nature and Cyndi Lauper's Time After Time at a time when the original songs were still fresh. Instead, he should have opted for writing a couple of original tunes himself (even if they were only going to be filler material---the key word being original).These two tracks ended up being played as light elevator music tunes in department or grocery stores. The rest of the album, however, showed that Miles could adapt to the changing times and styles of music in order to reach younger listeners as well. No longer was his music exclusive to hardcore jazz purists...Miles Davis is for the entire world !",
80660,__label__2,"SOMETHING'S ON MY MIND: This is a great disc. This is the companion to Decoy and I happen to like it alot better. A Pop type feel. Very accessible music. Great players. John Scofield, Darryl Jones, Bob Berg (I love Bob Berg), John Mac, and many others. Two songs from this disc, ""Time After Time"", and ""Human Nature"", became a staple for Miles in the 80's till his death. These songs were introduced here, so it is an improtant disc. ""MD1/Something's On Your Mind/MD2"" is just the coolest, hippest, deept groove that you are going to hear. Seven minutes of it. If you want to know why Miles is so cool, this is the cut. I would buy the disc just for this. The opening cut is silly with the rap, but who cares. The whole disc is a cool groove. It holds my interest all the way through. Very cool Miles.",
80661,__label__2,"Miles in a rock context: This is Miles at his most acceessible--meaning anyone can find the beginning and end of the songs and follow what's going on. Horrors! Scofield is enjoyable and funky. Not really a jazz album, but not overly complex and oblique either.",
80662,__label__2,"they work as advertised (with the proper filter): add a HEPA filter (the red one) and say goodbye to even the finest dust. I used one of these while finishing the inside of my garage with a Porter Cable drywall sanding machine (also unusually good). Didn't even have to move the cars out to sand the new walls! Very, very impressive.",
80663,__label__2,Cant beat this price: I priced these at Lowes. They ranged from $7-$10 each. This package was less than $15 with shipping. Be sure to check the size of your Shop Vac hose prior to purchasing.,
80664,__label__1,"ARE YOU SERIOUS?: This is the WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!My best friend and i decided to view this movie for free on Netflix....we read the description and it sounded awesome (descriptions can be deceiving!!) Okay...the three people on the cover arent in the movie, its so low budget you can hardly understand it, the two lesbians end up with guys....its just awful unbelievable unbearable just terrible!!DO NOT WAIST YOUR MONEY...get a bootleg or something!!",
80665,__label__2,What?: I don't know what the previous reviewer is talking about but this is a great movie. Even though the people on the cover aren't in the movie. This is still an excellent movie. I love it and have bought it for myself and friends,
80666,__label__2,Excellent products!: Perfect transaction...what more can I say besides I highly recommend this product and this seller!,
80667,__label__2,"Great For Small Hands: I love this knife! I have small hands, and it is the perfect size for me. I use it everyday. The peeler I have only used once, and really didn't buy this set for that, but it also works well.",
80668,__label__2,You can't go wrong with Bela: This album has some great bluegrass on it. Bela is truly a master of the banjo and you'll hear that on this CD.,
80669,__label__2,"Must have for Bluegrass/Jazz fans...: No vocals at all in this one, just clean, sharp instruments with very little effects. I work with headphones on and look for the best music without vocals. This is up there with Miles and Glass (Phillip).",
80670,__label__2,Magic of NBRIDAZ does Roger Troutman proud.: This cd is filled with Roger Troutman praises and shout outs. Every track is tight and produced the right way. Please note that this CD isn't for everyone. Listen to it with your girl nice and slow(a cool tribute to Roger Troutman).,
80671,__label__1,"Very basic: I didn't find much useful information in this book. It explained the obvious (don't weld in a hayloft - it might catch fire, etc.) but offered little meat on techniques.The author was apparently quite taken with a young lady welder - she appears frequently in the photos!",
80672,__label__2,Cyprus Hill review: This cd was very interesting. It might have some explicite lyrics but in my opinion speaks very throughly about itself. I also think this is a cd that most teenagers listen to and not a person of my age bracket. But all in all it was a good cd!,
80673,__label__2,"WOW!: one of the 1st albums I bought when I first got into the Dead. Lost it some where in life great journey and I missed listening to it. So, when I found it on Amazon I was stoked and immediately purchaced one of my all time favs. Long live the Grateful Dead and thanks to Amazon for making me greatly pleased...",
80674,__label__2,"VERY GOOD BLUES: A very good Album. The entire Album is moneys worth.Songs like Smokestack lightning, Wake up little Suzieare worth hearing over and over again.Perhaps the very best Album of Greatful Dead and inthe world of the Blues.",
80675,__label__2,"milk and honey: Milk and Honeymini lp of milk and honey, this album complements the beautiful world of double fantasy. grow old with me, one of the most beautiful love songs",
80676,__label__1,"Andrew Mueller Nailed It: The Amazon review by Andrew Mueller perfectly expresses my take of this album. Part of Lennon's narcissism - shared with McCartney in earlier Linda days - is the assumption that we'll love what he loves. Indeed, how many people actually listen to this album or Double Fantasy with equal attention to both artists? Unfortunately, John Lennon's creative life after the Beatles was long on promise but very short on delivery. Not one of these songs has the grace, cleverness, craft or exuberance of 1963's It Won't Be Long, let alone Strawberry Fields. Many Beatle fans seem to be as indulgent with Lennon's later mediocrity as he was.",
80677,__label__1,"I Don't Want To Face It, no no no no: Have I ever listened to this all the way through? I suppose I have, once or twice. ""Nobody Told Me"" knocked me out when I first heard it. But the final creative outpouring of the Lennons (""diarhea of creativity"", John called it in his final interview) doesn't hold much attraction for me anymore--and not because of Yoko, either (not in particular, anyway). It's too much personal myth-making, too self-centered. I hope to someday understand this period of their lives better than I do now. Meantime, anyone want to buy my copy of the record? Near-mint condition!",
80678,__label__2,great movie: We have always enjoyed the movie - this was even better because of the bloopers that are included! Glad I purchased this version.,
80679,__label__1,"Although rated PG, not a kid friendly movie.: It has been years since watching this movie so I didn't remember a lot about it except that it was funny. I felt that there was way too much violence and swearing in the movie and would cringe each time since my kids were watching it!",
80680,__label__2,All time favorite movie: I wanted my 5yo daughter to see one of the best holiday movies ever. It was 20 years ago and it has stood the test of time.,
80681,__label__2,"Efficient at shipping & product in excellent condition: I would deal with this seller again, product was as stated and the shipping was efficient.",
80682,__label__2,"Old School Funny: Rented this movie to watch with my two boys. They both thought it was very funny and liked to see the ""kid"" win.",
80683,__label__1,"Poor Quality: It is unfortunate that a good film was in poor quality. The top and bottom of the movie was chopped off. The only reason I did not send this back was my grandson wanted it so bad. I will be ordering another copy for Walmart, FYE or Toys R Us",
80684,__label__1,"I was cheated: Yes, I feel cheated. Nowadays, when you buy a dvd labelled ""widescreen"" you should be getting anamorphic widescreen, not a letterboxed 4:3 image. Anything less than anamorphic and yet still labelled ""widescreen"" is a ripoff. That includes this DVD.To add insult to injury, the picture quality of this version is exceptionally poor and has the appearance of having been dubbed directly from an old VHS tape.I am referring to the Twentieth Century Fox 1999 DVD release in these comments.",
80685,__label__1,"Leave this alone: I never bought into the Culkin hype. Here, he is cute, but not a good actor. His line readings are flat, and I sometimes had a hard time understanding what he was saying. The movie's much ballyhooed violence is indeed extreme. The Three Stooges did the same kind of thing with finesse, just funny slapstick that did not leave a mark and you knew was done in jest. Here, Pesci and Stern go through so much I felt myself getting numbed to the consequences. This is just Hollywood fodder wrapped up for the masses; the kind of movie you can turn your brain off and the VCR on. The best scenes here were the ones involving O'Hara and Candy; Rest In Peace, John.",
80686,__label__1,"unsatisfied: the dvd did not work in any player in our house ~ two players were brand new. i received a message that said ""invalid disc"" each time. i will be returning this dvd.",
80687,__label__1,disc scratched: I could tell as soon as I picked this dvd up that something was broken inside. When I opened it I found that the little piece that holds the dvd in place was broken and the dvd was just sliding all around in the case. The dvd is scratched up pretty bad but I have not tried playing it yet. Anyone else that handled that dvd would have heard that something was moving around inside the case and that is not a good sign.,
80688,__label__1,"Ignore me: If that kid screamed one more time, I really might have had to hurt him. I truly didn't like this movie - but it's just me. I don't care for The Three Stooges, either, and this was just like one of their skits: gag after gag after gag. But that's not all that bugged me. I like Robin Williams and his gags, but there's a message behind his films. A point. A moral. Home Alone was just plain stupid. Kids, yeah, kids would like it, but I can't imagine a thinking, intelligent adult deigning to spend an evening watching this hogwash.",
80689,__label__2,A Holiday Movie Too Good To Miss: Since the first time I saw this movie I fell in love with it. Macualay Culkin is the cutest and most talented young actor I have ever seen. The pranks Kevin McCallister comes up with are always gut splitting humour. No matter how many times I watch this movie I never get tierd of watching it. Buy it today.....i guarantee you'll love it too!!,
80690,__label__2,"slap-stick gallour !!: oh yes ! its unbelievable stuff . no kid kood or wood , but still , a brought to life fantasy type story iis more fun than , well , ice on sidewalks .... woohoo !!",
80691,__label__2,great purchase!: i love this movie and it works just fine! it was worth the buy to relive childhood memories! great purchase!,
80692,__label__2,Absolutely a must: This is a tie for my favorite Christmas movie. I love to watch is before Christmas to get me in the holiday mood. My son also thinks it's great.,
80693,__label__2,Love this movie!: Great holiday movie and at a great price! Awesome addition to my holiday movie collection. Buzz your girlfriend - woof.,
80694,__label__2,"Great holiday movie: A classic. Got it to introduce it to my kids who laughed a lot watching it. Got the Amazon rental with it too, which was nice since the movie was out of stock and didn't arrive until after Christmas.",
80695,__label__2,"The Best Christmas Comedy Ever!: Home Alone is the best Christmas comedy I`ve ever seen!It has a great storyline and the acting is great,too!Kids and adults of all ages will love it!It`s about a boy named Kevin McCallister who is one of the youngest in his household with his family.He is always being bossed around by his big brother and all his cousins.One night near Christmas,he wishes he could get away from his family for Christmas and have some fun by himself.And thats just what he gets!His family`s carelesness grants his wish when they leave him home alone while going on a Eurapean trip,and thats were the fun begins!While having a great time,a gang of burgalers breaks in to Kevins house,but Kevin just sets up a hillarious set of booby traps for them!Thats were it starts to become a comedy!Will Kevin defeat the crooks?.............Find out when you see this awesome movie!If you like this movie,I reccomend:Home Alone 2:Lost In New YorkHome Alone 3Home Alone:Taking Back Th",House
80696,__label__2,"One Of The Best Christams Family Comedies Ever!: 'Home Alone' being one of the three only good films of Macaulay Culkin's short lived film career is an instant holiday classic. With many laugh out loud scenes & the few touching moments at the end, the film was destined from the beginning to be a pure holiday classic.The McCallister family, leaving for Paris for the holidays, accidently leaves behind their 8-year-old son, Kevin (Culkin). Kevin thinking he made his family dissapear goes on like evrybody's still there, except when two crooks, Harry (Joe Pesci) & Marv (Daniel Stern), set their sights on the McCallister house it's up to Kevin to save the house & destroy the crooks. All the while Kevin's mother (Cathrine O'Hara) tries on & on to return home.The sequels 'Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York' & 'Home Alone 3' were in my opinion just as good as the orginal.",
80697,__label__2,A fun video to watch with the family every Christmas: This is a funny and traditional movie that we have made a ritual to watch every year. Original and entertaining.,
80698,__label__2,home alone: this was classic that my kids always loved very entertaining and enjoyable. i recommend this movie to anyone that wants a little laugh and sometimes a cry.,
80699,__label__2,"Culkin when he was cute: It is the Christmas Season and the family is going to France for the duration. Everything is packed, checked, and checked twice. They are off.But wait what is this still in bead? Yep it is eight year-old Kevin (Macaulay Culkin.) Now after realizing he is alone the fact that it could be fun sinks in. The only thing he has to watch out for is the mysterious neighbor (Roberts Blossom) that seems to be eyeing him. Yeah right. The fun thing about Christmas is it attracts wet bandits (Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern.)Now the contest begins between the bandits (in Wile E. Coyote style) are wanting in the house and Kevin (in the Road Runner style) holding them off.Who will win and will his mother find a unique way to return in time?George Balanchine's The Nutcracker ~ Macaulay Culkin",
80700,__label__2,"Just what I wanted: This was a Christmas gift, it was no where to be found at stores; fast delivery, excellent product.",
80701,__label__2,Funny and Classic: This is a classic Christmas time kids movie. A must watch (though I always felt the second one was the best),
80702,__label__2,Ahhhhhhhhhh: A little boy has been left all alone at his home in Chicage while his parents and the rest of the whole family has taken a christman trip to Paris and forgotten the boy. The whole family was in such a rush. The boy denfends his home against buglers.,
80703,__label__1,Was sent as a gift - didn't hear from them: Sent as a gift. Althought I thought I had type in a message to go with it they didn't even know who sent it!!! Thanks,
80704,__label__2,Classic Christmas video: We had tried to rent this the last few years and were unable to because of the demand. This year we purchased it and it was great. Some of the extras are a waste of time but we got it for the movie and that was worth it.,
80705,__label__2,"A True Christmas Classic with all the flair of John Huges: John Hughes had a knack of putting together films that people could relate to, and as such managed to put together a film that although unconventional in its theme has become a ""holiday"" classic. He does such an amazing job that while you are watching the film, (while it is obviously a silly notion when you actually think about it) that the 8 year old is able to actually pull of what he does in this film to protect himself and his home from burglars and grow up while being left ""Home Alone.""It gets to be tense without being scary enough to truly scare little ones watching it. Funny enough for kids and adults to laugh at, and generally entertains for the vast majority of the time (some may feel the setup is a bit much, but it really is important to set the tone).This is a movie that is a must in anyone's Holiday Collection.",
80706,__label__2,great classic: Lots of laughs. Great holiday movie for the whole family. Nice that it is not animated...very funny for all ages.,
80707,__label__2,"Fun kinda clean family movie!: I give this movie a watch every Xmas holiday. It reminds me of how cell phones and text messages and laptops etc..were not parts of movies or a required thing to have back then. Ahhhhhh I'm that old person now! Nooooooooooooo! My son is 8 and watched this year with me and said ""why ont she just use her cell phone"" why don't he just se the laptop? What no FaceTime? Lol. Great movie. Great cast. Fun time! Ramble ramble",
80708,__label__2,"Perfect: I received the product even faster than expected, the price was excellent and the product is just as described, great!",
80709,__label__2,It's not Chirstmas unless you see this movie: Love this movie. This is a must for the Christmas season. It never gets old. Curl up on the couch with a blanket and watch a Christmas classic.,
80710,__label__2,A Holiday Classic Has Been Saved: The first edition of this dvd was ok but lacked in the special features area and dvd quality. Thankfully the Family Fun edition has been released and the quality is excellent. This new edition has 5.1 sound and the picture quality is so much more crisper. This dvd is loaded with special features. It's hard to believe that Home Alone came out more than 16 years ago and has stood the test of time and is destined to be a holiday classic. Great fun movie...,
80711,__label__1,"excellent film, poor DVD: I purchased what was labeled a Widescreen (16x9 aspect ratio )DVD of Home Alone.What I received was a 4x3 version with the top and bottom of the frame chopped off.I was able to verify this with my 4x3 VHS tape version of Home Alone. The transfer to DVD was so poor it had barely a sharper picture than my VHS.It's a shame such a fine film should be butchered for what is otherwise a decent medium.It's bad enough that the left and right side of the frame is chopped off for the 4x3 version and most widescreen versions with an aspect ratio of 1.85:1, but to further cut off the top and bottom is a disgrace.",
80712,__label__1,"Beware-very poor picture quality on DVD: This is a great movie. We always watch it around the holidays. However, the picture quality on this DVD is terrible. I think the VHS version is better. They should really go back and redo the digital version.",
80713,__label__2,"comedy at its best: This is an instant classic. No Christmas holiday is complete with the viewing Home Alone. Macauly Culkin has one of the most brilliant performances ever and the supporting cast of Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern is in top form. John Candy even shows out in his role as ""the Polka King""",
80714,__label__2,This Is A Great Film!: I Have Seen this movie over 100 Times. I really Liked it. Kevin Is The Best kid in this movie. I like it when He Plans Those Bubby Traps For The Bumbling Burglers! It Is Great For The Holidays.,
80715,__label__2,"The funniest video I have seen!: It is about a little boy who made all kinds of traps to prevent the thieves from catching him,I have watched it for ten times or more but still thinks it is funny!",
80716,__label__2,"A Great Family Film!: The plot in ""Home Alone"" is clearly improbable, but that doesn't detract one whit from the appeal of impish (but sometimes adult far-beyond his years) Macaulay Culkin, bumbling Joe Pesci, and the rest of the cast. And, like Aesop's Fables, the film has a moral and a heartwarming tone. It's just not possible to dislike this film.",
80717,__label__2,"Grestest Film! Decent Special Features!: This is one of the greatest films of all time. It will be around forever! I was hoping this edition of the DVD would have special features with more shots and footage from the set from back in 1990. However, I'm sure that since it was 17 years ago most of the behind the scenes footage from the filming was lost. Most of the special features are just interviews with the people who put the film together, talking about what they did for the film. Be sure to listen to the DVD commentary with Macaulay Culkin and Chris Columbus. It's interesting to watch deleted footage that didn't make the film as well. Overall, I wish the special features were more elaborate and more on-set showing the actual shooting of the film, but since it was so long ago, I don't blame them for not having it on file anymore.",
80718,__label__2,Classic: You just can't go wrong with this movie about a little boy who completely PWNS a pair of robbers who think that his family's house is easy pickings because they're on vacation (he has been accidentally abandoned back at home because of the family's hustle to the airport) The kid gets rather creative with some rather funny gags and booby traps to foil the burglars.,
80719,__label__2,Home Alone: Macaulay Culkin is good in these movies. A funny Movie. Joe Peshi is good too. The tall guy is funny.,
80720,__label__2,Funny!!!: I love laughing out loud and this one does it!! I can watch this movie year after year and I still laugh out loud!,
80721,__label__2,"awesome & hilarious: Great holiday movie for kids, adults, and families. We watched it again after not seeing it for over a decade and laughed relentlessly. Pesci & Culkin are memorable. Awesome. Fun.",
80722,__label__2,"Watched it with grandkids! We all loved it.: Grandkids (9 & 11) found a few scenes scary (but not too much), and we all laughed out loud many times.I'm just a bit afraid they might try put water on the steps to make them icy to keep out burglars...",
80723,__label__2,Great movie: This is one of my favorite movies and Macaulay Culkin is one of my favorite actors. I highly recommend this movie to everyone that hasn't seen it.,
80724,__label__2,"Home Alone, the first installment...: I really disliked this film when it was first released. Over the years, it's grown on me. I chose this version because it's been remastered. I have purchased the films seperately following many reviews which panned the 4 movie set.",
80725,__label__2,"From John Hughes, Who Brought You UNCLE BUCK and FERRIS BUELLER'S DAY OFF: Macaulay Culkin (UNCLE BUCK), Joe Pesci (GOOD-FELLAS), Daniel Stern (MY BLUE HEAVEN), John Heard (CAT PEOPLE), Catherine O'Hara (BEETLEJUICE) and John Candy (SPACEBALLS) star in a classic Holiday movie, directed by Chris Columbus (I LOVE YOU, BETH COOPER). Kevin McCalister (Culkin) accidently gets left home alone by his vacation bound family and has the time of his life. But an unpleasant surprise comes Kevin's way, the Wet Bandits; Harry (Pesci) and Marv (Stern) are breaking into houses in Kevin's neighborhood. So it is up to Kevin to take down the burglars along with the help of a mysterious Old Man Marley. I love this movie, have watched this and the 2nd movie ever since I was a little kid. I give this movie a infinity star rating.",
80726,__label__1,Didn't get to watch even half...: ...because it kept stalling. We haven't had this issue with other movies from Amazon Prime Instant Video. Very disappointed. Not worth the 2.99 rental fee.,
80727,__label__1,"movie would not stream: The movie would not stream. Not the first time to have this problem with Amazon Instant Video. And yes, I updated all the computer settings, etc. etc.",
80728,__label__1,"BRAND NEW BLU RAY SKIPS: Well, most everyone already knows this adorable family friendly movie. It's wonderful, which is why I bought it! However I bought this for our family to enjoy together and the blu-ray skips in the same spot everytime. It freezes on the screen and you miss 4 minutes of the good action where the robbers are trying to get in the house. Very disapointing, I'm going to see how much it costs to ship it back. Unfortuantely for $10 it's probably not worth the hassle or shipping costs.",
80729,__label__2,"A Christmas classic!: I saw ""Home Alone"" when it came out,and agin recently on this new DVD.It hasn't dated one bit.It's still one of the funniest movies ever made,and the best Christmas film since ""Miracle On 34th Street"".The story is funnyand sometimes touching,especially in the church scene with Kevin and Mr.Marley.The cast is wonderful.Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern are hilarious.Catherine O'Hara,John Heard,and Roberts Blossom are delightful.And it's easy to see why Macaulay Culkin became a star with this film.He is cute and totally endearing.He really puts the film over the top.John Hughes'sscript is laugh-out-loud funny and moving at times.Chris Columbus's direction is letter-perfect,and he shows a knack for drawing the best from his actors.He especially gets great and realistic performances from all the kids.John Williams wraps it all up in one of his loveliest scores.""Somewhere In My Memory"" is one of his most beautiful and memorable melodies.""Home Alone"" is a family cl",ssic.Si
80730,__label__2,Home Alone: Esta pelcula es un clasico. Mis hijos de 6 y 7 aos no se cansan de verla.ClaudiaCaracas-Venezuela,
80731,__label__2,Home Alone - Family Fun Edition: This item is excellent and I am very happy that I ordered it. I wish that it would have arrived to me sooner.,
80732,__label__2,"love this movie: I grew up watching this movie every Christmas. It became a family tradition. Now that I have a daughter, I hope to start the same tradition with her. This is a great family film; perfect to watch around the holidays.",
80733,__label__2,awesome: The Home alone show is great there is a lot of action and is very funny and entertaining as well. There is some language and some some-what violance but other than that it is great. Even with this it isn't too bad and my kids love it. I would recamend this movie as well as the whole series.,
80734,__label__2,movie: Very nice movie and it was broadcasted without a glitch! Very nice movie and it was broadcasted without a glitch!,
80735,__label__2,"Evergreen !: What to write about this movie ! Its a milestone, every time I watch it I became kid for that time.",
80736,__label__2,great christmas movie!!: I would recommend this movie to anyone looking for a funny christmas story!! it really got me in the christmas spirit,
80737,__label__2,"my son had never seen it: My teenager loved the movie, he had never seen it, and it was a cute age for the actor, how could you not like this movie?",
80738,__label__1,"'never got why this was such a hit.: I just happened to see this again after 25+ years since my 6 year old wanted to see it. We chose to watch it because we both had just watched (for free) ""Home Alone 3""---which I thought would surely be total junk. The odd thing is---we both really liked the ""third installment."" It was ridiculous---hilariously ridiculous. We both howled with laughter. It's a ""total cartoon."" Now---you may dismiss my review, but I am here to tell you that my 6 year old felt the same way. He LOVED ""Home Alone 3,"" but ""Home Alone,"" downloaded for $3.99, was ho-hum in contrast. The movie always aggravated me with its gratuitous ""Ahhhhhhhh"" from Culkin, but its biggest offense is that it tries to be a cartoon and real movie at the same time. I'm sorry, but I feel one has to choose sides. Clearly, we preferred the slapstick nonsense of the third movie to the overall ""important"" nonsense of the first one.",
80739,__label__2,"Home Alone: This is a really cute family movie. Definitely one to buy if you are tired of being stuck watching cartoon ""family"" movies with your kids.",
80740,__label__2,Home Alone (Family Fun Edition): The Movie gets 5 stars ...But the Picture isn't crisp enough for my taste I don't think they remastered it nor does it say anything about it on the box....I will keep it because there is know replace at this time except Blu-Ray and that might have same concerns.,
80741,__label__2,"What a fun movie...: One of our family's favorite Christmas movies. I can only hope that my child could function if I accidentally left him at home alone over the Christmas holidays! The movie brings laughter EVERY time we watch it. Yes, in the beginning there is disrespectfulness but that just gives it a point to start the being thankful for family result in the end.A sweet family movie for the whole family.",
80742,__label__2,"A great Christmas movie: Always a classic! This movie is so funny! I have loved it since the first time I saw it and it never gets old. Buyer beware however, this is not a kids movie. I thought I'd watch it with my 7 year old to make it a fun family tradition and I had forgotten about some of the language. Maybe in a few years.",
80743,__label__2,"A classic: This is one of those ""must see"" every Christmas. It's very funny without being silly and features a great cast.",
80744,__label__2,Awesome: This movie is a classic holiday film. Every Christmas we watch it and it is always good. A well made family comedy that gives year after year.,
80745,__label__2,Love this movie: You can definitely see the digitally remastered edition better in blu-ray! plus it's just an overall great movie classic! :),
80746,__label__2,Good show for the holiday: My family really enjoy the show when they watch it on TV. Show now we will have it year after year.,
80747,__label__2,It's become a Christmas Classic: 1 or 2 I can't decide which one is better. I guess we'll have to watch themagain next year.,
80748,__label__1,"VHS tape was in very bad shape: Even though my daughter and I do enjoy watching Home Alone the VHS tape was in bad shape, It made a grinding sound when played and broke my VHS player. I was refunded for the movie and the movie was thrown in the trash. It was disappointing because I had to buy a brand new VHS/DVD player which costed me $150 dollars and also because I really wanted my daughter to own that movie, I guess next time I don't buy any more vhs tapes off of amazon.",
80749,__label__2,"Great movie for the family.: I absolutely loved this move, as well as my husband. It seems like everytime it's on we watch it. We think the best part is how he accomodates himself to being alone, like going to the grocery store and to the drugstore to buy a toothbrush. We also like the part where he befriends the neighbor who everyone thinks is crazy and wicked when he really is just lonely. We have friends whose 4 year old watches this movie at least three times a week and practically knows all the words by heart. So this makes it a very great family film and great to watch at family get-togethers or over the holidays!",
80750,__label__2,"Home Alone is great: Home Alone is one of the best comedy movies ever.Better than 3 of course.Kevin is left alone after his family forgets him.He's having the time of his life alone,until trouble finds him.2 crooks Harry and Marv want to rob his house.With the booby traps Kevin is ready to send those crooks on a ride they wont forget!Very Recommeded!!! 1st one rulz,2nd one is great,3rd one is ok but not that good.",
80751,__label__2,"Laugh Alone or in Company: This is a side-splitting comedy with, naturally, touches of tenderness. It is simply hilarious how the burglars were unsuccessfully trying to victimize Macaulay Culkin. I guess people just like to see bad guys get hurt and look foolish. Does it mean that people are cruel? Don't ask me. All I know is that it looks funny in a movie. The romp around the house is the most memorable sequence in this film, and every time I watch, it looks funny. This original is better than the ""Lost in New York"" sequel, and I highly recommend it.",
80752,__label__2,Hilarious: Hilarious movie! I notice something new every time I watch it! The many remakes do not hold a candle to the original.,
80753,__label__2,Home Alone: Seen many times and still enjoy. My kids love to watch this numerous times around the holidays. A true classic.,
80754,__label__2,"great kids movie: Even though its an older movie (around 1980ish), still a great kids (up to pre-teen) movie espcially around the holidays.",
80755,__label__2,"Movie: Love this movie, got it quickly and even before it was supposed to get to me! I'll be ordering more in the near future!",
80756,__label__2,"It's a family comedy, without the family!: In this enjoyable Chismas Comedy Classic, viewers are introduced to the Kevin- the youngest child of the Mcallister family. Being an 8 year old, Kevin is continuously bullied and treated unrespectfully by his older brother- Buzz, and all the other kids in his family. The holiday-tradition for the Mcallisters every holiday, is that they leave home with their cousin-family, who are equally rude to him as his own family are. Kevin is annoyed and angry, and wishes that he never had a family. Watch out Kevin, your wish just might come true.It is on the morning of the Mcallister holiday, that Kevin's wish comes true. He is left at home, he has the whole house to himself! But trouble begins to brew when sleazy robbers- Marv and Harry 'the wet bandits' plan to rob his house, Keving is in hot water. This hilarious comedy-film will show you that children in some ways, are as superior to adults.",
80757,__label__2,"Home Alone: This is a great family film. You will laugh and laugh when you see keven (macaulay culkin) jumping for joy that his family is not at his house, but when robbers try to brake in the house he starts to see that he really wants his family. This will make the kids laugh seeing growns up laughing. This truely is a great movie!",
80758,__label__2,A film with an atmosphere that no one will forget.: Everyone who I've ever spoken to seems to thing this film is lame and not worth watching. but i'm glad I became a reviewer for this purpose and to say my piece. First this film has a strong storyline no matter what anyone says. It has the atmosphere that I would love to have at christmas. And is probaly the reason I watch it over and over again. This dvd edition doesn't have any extra features apart from the trailers which is disappointing as I would of thought for such a sucessful film to at leased have something left on the cutting room floor for us to see. This film in my opinion is a great film that deservers more respect than it's recieving. It's worth the money for such a great film.,
80759,__label__2,"Great movie..one of my favorits!: Bought this used and it is slightly, had a few lines go through it but totally watchable, and the shipper shipped it fast!This movie is soooo awesome. I bought it for myself...been asking for it for xmas for years now and couldn't find it at the stores. I think it's for both adults and children.",
80760,__label__2,"A Modern-Day Classic: By now, everybody in the world knows about Macaulay Culkin's private life, well - this is the movie that launched Mac into the public eye and made him a household name.From the antics of the paint cans bowling over the bad guys, to the tense moments of running off with a toothbrush, this family film will have kids watching every time it is put on.In the end, the message of how important family is shines through.",
80761,__label__2,"get your hands on this terrific christmas movie: This is by far the best christmas movie i have ever seen in my life.Its so funny and really entertaining for children, teenagers and adults.You wont complain about this film its terrific.If you like this film try checking out the awsome sequel Home alone 2.",
80762,__label__1,"Does not work: I gave this DVD to my son a couple of days before Christmas Eve for us to watch as a family. After putting it in the blu ray player, all we got was a blank screen. Very disappointing. We put in other DVDs and blu rays to see if they worked and everything else played fine. I contacted amazon to send a replacement and unfortunately it came after Christmas. When we got around to playing the replacement, it too had the same issues. We immediately tried playing other DVDs and blu rays to rule out any possible issues with our player and everything else played perfectly. I think the manufacturer is at fault and is producing faulty discs.",
80763,__label__1,Not in HD: I ordered this in HD and paid the extra for it but it was not in HD the picture quality was as bad as a cheap DVD or a pretty good VHS.,
80764,__label__2,"Great Christmas movie!!: Just watched The Blu-Ray edition of Home Alone. And thought it was wonderful. At first I was not going to get Home Alone on Blu-Ray as I already had it on DVD.But when I scene that Amazon was selling it for $14.99 I caved and order it. Thought the 1080p picture was pretty good.I thought The DTS-HD audio was great. John Williams soundtrack sounded awsome in Lossless.Plus the Christmas music thats heard in the movie sounded great too. Realy cool Blu-Ray. And now I see Home Alone 2 will be making it to Blu-Ray this fall along with Miracle on 34th Street orginal version,and the remake. And the 1951 version of A Christmas Carol is making the leap to Blu-Ray this fall too. And I think Paramount is planing on bringing Its A Wonderfull Life to Blu-Ray this Christmas as well?Nice! I love Christmas movies!",
80765,__label__2,"So Funny!!!!!: Love seeing this movie, especially at Christmas season! I would recommend this movie as family time plus ordering the Home Alone 2!",
80766,__label__2,love this movie: it was great you will love it to it s the best holiday movie around ever ever ever ever ever.,
80767,__label__2,"Great movie: Excellent, polite customer service and very speedy processing. This product received is exactly as pictured. I am pleased. Will order again from these nice people.",
80768,__label__2,"Gotta love a classic: It's home alone, what's not to love? Will say that with kids ranging from 2 to 11 we find ourselves having to deal with a few naughty words like idiot and stupid, but that tends to be a trend in movies I this genre. Slapstick humor is funny, although age appropriateness is to be considered.",
80769,__label__1,"OOOPS!: The language was too ""coarse"" for my 5year old grandson. His parents turned it off after the first exchange of ""bad talk"".",
80770,__label__2,"Great CD from a great singer: Don't bother reading the editors comments it takes no talent to review cds. Just an opinion and we all have one of those. Country radio needs more artists like Rhett instead of what they play now the same TOP 20 songs over and over again and again. Overkill bigtime. I have seen alot of concerts in my time and Rhett is just the best that I have ever seen. He wrote or co-wrote most of the songs on this cd buy it you will love it. Go see Rhett when he comes to a town near you and will get hooked. ""Friday night in Dixie"" is great!",
80771,__label__1,"more of the same: If you liked the stuff Rhett did several years back (what happened to you Rhett??) then you will like this cd. In fact, most of these songs sound like they came out of the sessions for his first studio record. From what I heard, Rhett was playing Garth Brooks covers at a county fair in Gerogia and fell off the stage, smacking his head not once but twice. He was unable to sing or even drive his dodge ram, so they dug some old stuff out of the studio and released it as new. good luck",
80772,__label__1,"All Ads!: This magazine is about 95% ads for dresses and rings that no one can afford unless they are marrying a celebrity. If an ad only lists a phone number along with a boutique in France you know it's too much money... most of the ads feature girls that look to be no older than 16- too young to be wearing a wedding dress! This magazine only has a handful of articles... I subscribed to it thinking that there would be a lot of DIY wedding ideas and in the entire magazine (400 pages)there was only one. Out of 400 pages, there was only 20 articles, and most of them are advertising for something. This magazine had a lot of good reviews, but I realize now that most of them are from early 2000s, or from people that like the magazine for the photography.",
80773,__label__2,Wonderful Book: Great book of history that sheds light on how slaves were thought of as well as how they were treated.,
80774,__label__2,"Well worth the time: This is my favorite classic book. They say this book ended the Civil War, well if it didnt it very well could have. I love books set in this era. The only problem i had with this book sometimes was the language. The southern language was so hard to decipher sometimes i had to skip it because i could not figure out what was being said ( i wish i could look it up in a southern dictionary lol). if you ever want to get caught back up on your classic books and have not read this one, i highly recommend it.",
80775,__label__2,"Pick up this American classic!: Saw this one on a sale shelf at a store a few weeks back, but it wasn't untilsomeone recommended it to me that I took the plunge and bought it. I've beenlooking to complete my classic lit reading list and given how long this story has beenaround, I'm surprised and sad I never got to it before now! Following the slaveshiding, running, struggling to survive was difficult to read and put their situationin an incredibly sympathetic and horrifying light. I can't imagine living life in thewoods, but now I have a much better understanding of their awful plight.For this price, you really can't go wrong in buying this--sure there are afew problems with the writing and storytelling, but it'll keep you riveted fordays!",
80776,__label__2,"makes me wonder: this amazing story offers real insight into the life of a person truely committed to Christ and actual Christian values. It makes me wonder why ""Uncle Tom"" is used as a derrogatory term?! Why not the name of the black overseer who whipped other africans?",
80777,__label__2,"Remembering my youth: I had the forgotten about reading this. So it was like visiting my youth all over again. The story has proven to be a timeless story. I look forward to my grandson growing older, so I can share this story with him.",
80778,__label__2,"Freedom forever: An amazing book depicting life in slavery times. Though a novel, truth was evident in the often demeaning and gruesome details. A picture of what so many do not want to remember and yet so many repeat even today. I highly recommend this book..",
80779,__label__1,"disapointed: This CD collection is difficult to use. Book chapters are not identified on the lable or in individual CDs it is broken in to 30 second sound bites, which makes it easy to pause for a moment but difficult to find the begining of a chapter since the chapter may begin at 20 seconds in to the sound bite. Want to listen on your ipod good luck with hundreds of unnamed tracks. My students and I gave up and went back to the old audio tapes where we could find the chapter we wanted to listen to with out jugling 16 unlabled CDs",
80780,__label__2,"A must book for Everybody: I found this book very well written. It is interesting that the author chose not only to show the terrible suffering that came from slavery, but also she revealed how slavery extracts a toll on the master. Personally it exemplifies how religion can (as in many cases throughout history) support and justify cruelty and violence. This book should stir everyone at the gut level. I don't want to forget to add that I like the Modern Library Classics format. At the end of the book is discussion questions and commentary by other famous authors.",
80781,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: This is the book written by the woman to whom A Lincoln said upon meeting her, ""Oh, so you are the little woman that started this big war.""",
80782,__label__2,Great: Really fast shipping. Good condition. I needed this for my history class but ended up really enjoying the book. Plus the highlights helped me write my essay :D,
80783,__label__2,"A must read when studing the Underground Railroad.: Great classic, I hope no one ever sanitizes this to be pollitically correct. I now must visit Uncle Tom's Cabin in Southern Ontario.",
80784,__label__2,"This is a must read for all Americans!: This is an epic novel about the horrors of slavery as an institution and as a destructive element to the body, soul, family and faith of the individual being held bound.It has been said that Abraham Lincoln once met Harriet Beecher Stowe and said: ""So you're the little woman who wrote the book that started this great war."" After reading this book, I believe ""Uncle Tom's Cabin"" did more than nudge this great nation into taking action against such an inhumane institution.This book should be mandatory reading for all children in our great public schools. But, alas, we no longer have the guts to teach our children the truths and the horrors so well described in this book.",
80785,__label__1,"Horrible Kindle Edition: This is a horrible Kindle edition. Buyer beware. Many, many errors in the text, missing parts of sentences and then those missing parts showing up randomly in other locations of the text. I will attempt to get my money back on this.EDIT: I contacted Amazon, explained the problem with the text and received a full refund. Customer service mentioned that they would contact the publisher about the errors in the text and I'd be notified upon correction. Three cheers for Amazon.com!",
80786,__label__2,"Very Moving: Uncle Tom's Cabin was written by Harriet Beecher Stowe in 1850 after the Fugitive Slave Law was passed. Stowe was very well aware of the plight of these people and she wanted to make a change. She wanted to make her feelings about the evils of slavery known to the public. She wouldn't allow people to ignore the tragedies surrounding them because it was socially acceptable at the time. Although this novel is a work of fiction it accurately displays the lives of American slaves in the 1800's. In fact, the main character, Uncle Tom, is based upon the autobiography of Josiah Henson, and other slave narratives. She also appeals to the reader through emotional pulls that are easy to identify with, as if you were experiencing what the characters were. In all, I enjoyed reading this book and I think that Stowe created a very impressive message that is still important for us to look at today.",
80787,__label__2,"Classic historical novel: This book gives you an outside looking in view of slavery in the early US history. A must read if you are trying to remain well rounded in US history, or history at all.",
80788,__label__2,Uncle Tom's Cabin: This was an interesting read. Some of it was challenging for me with some of the wording but I think it was definitely worth my time. It was hard to fathom that events like were explained actually happened but I'm sure they did. I think everyone that is an American should read it to learn from the mistakes our ancestors made.,
80789,__label__2,"Not as hard as you might think.: Even thought Uncle Tom's Cabin is over 600 pages long, and it was published 150 years ago, the book is not the hard work that many would assume it to be. The story telling is simple and easy to follow, and the characters are realistic.It took over 100 pages before I started to find the characters compelling, but once I did I breezed through the book. Also, the message against slavery is a tad heavy-handed, but I suppose it would have to be when the target audience is people who are ok with slavery or slave owners themselves.The book was an altogether enjoyable read, but not an entirely necessary one for someone trying to build their knowledge on the canon.",
80790,__label__2,"Important anti-slavery novel: Uncle Tom's cabin is a famous work of American literature, because of its historical context and its political importance as a piece of anti-slavery propoganda as much as for the story and quality of the writing. The phrase ""Uncle Tom"" has even gained some currency as a derogatory term in modern usage. The book captures and condences much of the worst elements of slavery in the south as it recounts the trials of several slaves, their owners and their families. The story is enthralling and the crossing of the ice flow remains one of the more famous scenes in literature. The story unashamedly promotes the anti-slavery position and promotes its activists Apparently this book had considerable impact in its day and although to some extent some of the thunder has since been stolen by blockbusters such as Roots, is still a powerful book.",
80791,__label__1,"Profitable for historical relevance, but long and indirect: I do respect and embrace the historical significance and effect of this novel in it's place and time. I applaud the author's goal, courage and tenacity. I loved the main character, Tom.That said, the writing style is not for me. I'm too spoiled by modern authors' constraints of being direct and succinct.I understand that in the culture of the time, a female author would find it necessary to obviate, to beat around the bush in making her (socially activist) point in order to comply with expectations of politeness and humility, to include occasional flattery of the opposition to make the novel more palatable to a wider audience and thus further her underlying goal. Unfortunately, these elements also make it very hard for ""modern-me"" to endure the book.All-in-all, a profitable read for the historical relevance.",
80792,__label__2,"Good Stories: Richard Wright - Uncle Tom's CabinThese stories are sad, and at times, hard to read. The injustice makes your heart flip-flop and raises your blood pressure.Lord that Black Americans survived is unbelievable. Do y'all know that it was predicted by white society in the late 19th century that we would naturally die out. We fooled them. We are still here. Like a phoenix from the ashes, we rise!I recommend this book. I think it is good to remember the pain of the ancestors, and how we benefits from it today.",
80793,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: The reason why Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote Uncle Tom's Cabin was to let the North know what was going on in the South with slavery . Black families were broken apart and sold, young girls and women were taken advantage of by white owners, some were beaten to death by their owners and slaves could be treated anyway the owner wanted because they were not citizens. The white women characters cared more about the slaves than the white men. They didn't want to sell or break up families.Uncle Tom was an uncommonly good and honest man and devouted Christian. He was sold when his owner needed money. At first he was sold to a man who was ok, but then he was sold to Simon Legree. Legree was a mean man. When Tom was a slave for Legree he was beaten to the point of death. Everyone should read this book because it gives you an idea of what happened at the time of slavery.",
80794,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Uncle Tom's Cabin is definitely a great classic. I enjoyed the story plot of this book. I especially loved the chapters on Eliza and her boy and how they ran away from their master. I actually thought this book might be boring but it was very interesting and shows one what slavery was really like and what happened in those days. The story plot is that Eliza and her boy, Harry, are running from their master and the trader because their master sold Harry to the trader. Eliza is just trying to save Harry from the trader taking him away from her. Eliza's husband, a slave for another master, is also running away from his master. I am now excited about other history classics that I am going to read in my history classes now because of Uncle Tom's Cabin.",
80795,__label__2,"The unreadable classic- or Greatness of Influence vs. Literary quality: When Abraham Lincoln met Harriet Beecher Stowe he reportedly said, ""This is the little woman who made the great war"". The tremendous influence of this book on Anti-Slavery attitudes are considered to be a very real factor in leading to atmosphere which helped bring about the Civil War. This work is thus in terms of its 'real effect' in the 'real world ' far more important than 'Moby Dick' or "" Leaves of Grass' or 'The Scarlet Letter ' or 'Walden', the greatest books of the American Renaissance.The literary quality of the book is in no proportion to the Influence which it had.I have found it an almost impossible read, in good part because of its language.",
80796,__label__2,"An Excellent Must Read!: Beautiful book that describes the horrors of slavery and what a mother risked to save her son and what a Christian man did to help his master. Above all, how they managed to keep their faith above and through all the opression of slavery.",
80797,__label__2,"IT'S THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!: My name's Julia Greenberg I am in 4th grade and I am a good reader. If I were not a good reader I would not understand the book, THANKFULLY i'm a good reader! This book was my very favorite book! I would recomend this book for 15 or over ages, because some words are HARD for younger ages( unless your an advanced reader!",
80798,__label__1,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: I decided to start reading classic books....so sad I picked this as my 1st. This book is so slow & difficult to read with all the slang. I was raised in the south & still don't understand half of what is trying to be said. I will try to finish & understand what the great appeal of this book is, but cannot recommend it.",
80799,__label__2,good book: everybody interested in the US Civil War should read this book that some believe help start the US Civil War,
80800,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin Review: Uncle Tom's Cabin is a novel that touched many people's lives including my own. It made me realize just how lucky I am to be living like I am today. Harriet Beecher Stowe takes us through the lives of two slaves, Tom and Eliza. We read about their triumphs and hardships that they go through in order to get one thing. Freedom. There are just a few things that I didn't enjoy about this book. The dialogue that takes place in Uncle Tom's Cabin was a little more difficult to understand than what I am normally used too. Another thing that I didn't really like was all the details about the punishments that the slaves had to endure. Overall, I think that this book is a book that everyone should have the opportunity to read. I am very glad that I read this book.",
80801,__label__2,Must read: This book is a must read for those who want to look back try to understand what happened In this time period,
80802,__label__2,"Very interesting!: I loved this book - took a while to get my head around the language, but quickly found it to be a very captivating read. Would definitely reccommend, makes you think, makes you want to keep reading, and I will be reading again sometime!",
80803,__label__1,"Correct Book, Wrong edition: The book was okay. I was just disappointed that I received a different addition that the one the is in the picture description of the book. I needed the other edition for class but my teacher worked with me. I just wish they said which edition they were selling.",
80804,__label__1,"SOMETIMES INTERESTING BUT TOO LONG!: I had to read this book for school. It is sooooooooooooooooooo long, I thought we would never get through it ! It also is hard to understand. But it had a good plot.",
80805,__label__1,"A miserably failed allegory: Slavery was ugly. We need to know that. But not the way Stowe writes, I felt like I couldn't bear another page. Unbelievably flat characters in an unbelievably flat setting. Stowe wrote sophomorically about a place she had never been, and instead of creating a good book about the horrors and issues of slavery, she wrote characters who were exaggerated caricatures, from Eliza to Uncle Tom to Simon Legree. Little Eva? Please. I didn't shed a tear. Maybe it worked as propaganda then but I've read much better since.",
80806,__label__1,Uncle Tom's Cabin: I finally gave up on Uncle Tom's Cabin. Dialogue written in vernacular drove me nuts.,
80807,__label__2,Amazing clarity: Reading this book opened my eyes and heart. After reading Booker T Washintons book Up from Slavery and now this. I want to read more on this part of Americas Tragic historical weaknesses,
80808,__label__2,"Great Book: I have always wanted to read this book. Now that I have, I wish I would have read it years ago.",
80809,__label__2,"Significant book...with some Kindle issues...: This book is not a literary masterpiece, but is a very significant work. UTC provided, through some very endearing characters, a perspective on slavery that I had not expected. I appreciate the author's position and the way in which she highlighted the complicity of even non-slave holders in the system of slavery.The free Kindle version of the book is good, but lacks a table of contents. This can be overcome while reading with the use of highlights.",
80810,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: I had never read this book, even in school, being 70 yrs old, I found it very heard warming and even brought tears to my eyes, realizing that alot of this did happen back then. Truly enjoyed reading it",
80811,__label__2,"Insightful and Interesting to read: Uncle Tom's Cabin was the best-selling book of the nineteenth century, and deserves to be required reading today. Not only does this book offer insight into the antebellum south and prove how slavery is evil, it is also an exciting book, with lively characters and an easy reading level. It was fun to read, even though the message that it sent was heavy. I recommend it to anyone. Powerful and enjoyable.",
80812,__label__2,Good Read!!: This is a great book with a great message and plot! I thought the dialect of the southern accents would become bothersome but it really didn't make it painful to read or understand at all. Throughout the book you'll get attached to the characters and you won't want to put it down.,
80813,__label__2,"Thoughtful reading: A very interesting descriptive lesson in life of slaves. It fit well along with the documentary ""The Abolitionists"". The book is not always easy reading as it describes many brutal actions.",
80814,__label__2,uncle toms cabin: a very good classic enjoyable reading and a learning experience arrived on time and would reccomend this site to others and i have rated this book and roots also 4 times already,
80815,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Very moving!inspiring, and thought provoking.I should have read this sooner. Makes you feel as if you are there, walking the path with them.",
80816,__label__1,"Bad print run: The copy I received of the Norton Critical Edition was missing pages 111-142. Instead, pages 79-110 were repeated. I contacted Amazon but they said it was too late to get my money back. My advice is to count all the pages in all books your order from Amazon, and don't buy the Norton Critical Edition of Uncle Tom's cabin. Buy the book from another publisher instead.",
80817,__label__2,"U will know u've learned a lesson when your actions change: Simply put, this book is unforgetable.I must have read it more than 12 years ago and I still rate it as one of the BEST books I've ever read.I've read more than 100 books in my life-time.This book is ..........life personified.Love it or hate it, u can't ignore it.America and the world should be proud of this work.",
80818,__label__1,Kindle Download: I don't like this book at all it's very boring and there's not much entertainment in the book to keep me wanting to read it more.,
80819,__label__1,"Meh: Had to read it for a class called American Women Writers. There is a lot of sentimentality in this book, which was effective for Stowe's anti-slavery agenda of the time. However, as an English major, I don't particularly enjoy sentimentality...I do think this is an important book that needs to be read, but that doesn't mean I enjoyed it.",
80820,__label__1,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Sorry, I know this is a classic, but the writing, grammar, spelling, typos, etc forced me to do something I rarely ever do-I stopped after chapter two and did not finish this book. Sadly disappointed.",
80821,__label__2,"Don't skip the introduction.: Obviously, the text will be the same regardless of which publication you buy. What I found to be of great value here was the introduction.",
80822,__label__1,Print too small to read: The subject of this book is excellent.The format of this particular book (signet classics) is horrible. The print is SO SMALL that even with 2.0 reading glasses I had difficulty reading it and I have good vision.I cannot recomment this format to anyone..the print is just too small....too bad for such a great book.,
80823,__label__1,"Ugh. Just ugh.: Well, reading it all in one weekend may not have been the brightest move of my life. Still, this book was a hideous experience. Once you get past the first hundred and fifty pages the plot picks up enough to give the sheer boredom a minor respite, but the characters are about as flat as anything imaginable. Little Eva in particular I was ready to strangle, with hair or without, by the time she up and died. It's historically interesting as a spark to abolitionism and to the beginning of the Civil War, but as a novel it's dreadful. I would warn you not to read it, but you probably have already or will soon for a U.S. history class, in which case please accept my deepest condolences.",
80824,__label__2,Good Book: This is a great book. The vocabulary is a little difficult at times but if you have a dictionary handy then your all good.,
80825,__label__2,Uncle Tom's Cabin: This book is a classic and teaches you a lot about American history. It should be part of your classic library on your device.,
80826,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Since getting my kindle I have started reading some classics I should have readi in school, but never did. After reading Uncle Tom's Cabin I can understand why it was so controversal in its day. It was a very easy and pleasurable bookto read and the price was right.",
80827,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Orginally being from NY, I don't remember reading this for our reading in English, my husband is from FL., it was mandatory reading in his school. I ordered this, as I read this story, I was sooooo very upset, how African Amercians were treated during the era of this book,Cival War 1852 many times, I had to put this book down, cried with Uncle Tom, a man of humanity. Talking with my husband who went to school in the south, he told me stories about how civil rights for white and black were different, busing, water fountains, bathrooms, I am appalled about what he saw, where I grew up, I went to school with African Amercians, where they would come to my house, go to theirs, I was taught just because their skin is a different color, they are all the same inside...I still have dear friends I went to High School with...I love getting together with them. This is a powerful book, if you have not read this, just give it a try....",
80828,__label__1,substandard printing: The publisher of this pricey printing did not take care to check the pages of the text for successful copying. Some pages were so poorly copied they were illegible. Substandard quality control. I had to return the book.,
80829,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Uncle Tom's Cabin (Tantor Unabridged Classics), book first published in 1852, is a novel every American should read and reread. Harriet Beecher Stowe, author and abolitionist, depicted life for African-Americans under slavery vividly in the characters and events of this story. I was especially moved by the heart of the true Believer in Jesus Christ even though the humiliations, hardships, and trials the people experienced during these years. I was indeed humbled reflecting on my own miserable faith compared to that they had to have had to be overcomers. Even though Stowe was an abolitionist, you could still hear her own prejudice in some of the descriptors used to move the story along. Stowe's descriptions did not conflict with other accounts of these times, for example Roots.Uncle Tom's Cabin (Tantor Unabridged Classics)",
80830,__label__1,"Hard to read: When I ordered this book I didn't realize it would be so hard to read. I had always heard about this book but never read it, I still haven't. It has too much slang and half words in it. For as well known as it is I don't know how anybody read it. The story behind it is probably a very good story, but I couldn't understand enough of it to read more than the first chapter then it was placed on the book shelf. And I now know why it looks new and was sold as used, the fist purchaser probably couldn't read it either.",
80831,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: I had always heard about this particular book through history class. Finally my eighth grade history teacher encouraged me to read it. I really enjoyed it. It made me laugh and it made me cry. It also made me think. I was familiar with slavery and their hardships, but this book is not a biography. It's more real. It stirred feelings of disgust in me when I read about the overseers of the slave plantations - same as it did 100 years ago.Harriet Beecher Stowe showed how lucky slaves could be and how lucky most of them wasn't. She used a southern dialect that was most likely used by slaves. She also included slave folklore and songs. Anybody who loves a great story that tells the truth should read it. I've passed it onto friends and they love it too.",
80832,__label__2,"A very powerful book: If we must never forget the evils of slavery then this book is the vehicle for achieving that aim. Empathy is the key word when reading this book. If you are the type of rebel reader who wants to read books that others don't want you to read, others such as those who believe that slavery was justified or that the South won the civil war, then this book is for you. My only complaint was that there was too much religion, even though religion was very much a part of the slavery culture. Christ figures abound!",
80833,__label__1,"GREAT CLASSIC: Still reading it, but enjoying it and would recommend it to EVERY American to find time to read in their lifetime.",
80834,__label__1,"Wow!: This book is very, very, very bad! I could not even believe it?Andrew is my name and I give this a D-!",
80835,__label__2,"A view into slavery: This book makes you gasp, cry, and have occasional tearful smiles while you read this story that shows you the unjust of slavery. This book started the Civil War because of its content and its author Stowe was famed for her viewpoints against slavery. A must-read.",
80836,__label__2,"Just as good a read second time around: I read Uncle Tom's Cabin several years ago and now I am reading it again. I love classic books, but sometimes I find them difficult to understand. However, Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote in a way that is pretty much easy reading. While this is a long book, I am glad that it was not edited like a lot of modern books are. There is such a depth to this book that I believe will touch anyone's heart. Slavery is so cruel, and I am glad this book was written to bring to light many different sides of slavery. Since slavery is still going on today in many different countries, I suggest reading this. It is good to see different views. Different reactions. This book references Scripture a lot and sometimes the characters resemble those found in the Bible. I feel comfortable reading this book aloud.",
80837,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Growing up I became aware of the atrocities that mankind can visit upon his brethren because of Harriet Beecher Stowe's book. After reading the book on my Kindle, I was moved by the impact of what slavery can do to both the slave and the slave owner. The sad commentary about forced slavery is that in 2011 it still exits in some quarters of the world.",
80838,__label__2,"Awesome: I had forgotten how great if a book this is!!! It's a sad book and it is exciting. Older 10+ kids will like it, it is a hard subject matter. Be sure to prep them first.",
80839,__label__1,"Am I reading the same book????: I thought I'd step out of my comfort zone and read a classic. That was 2 months ago. I'm still reading it. This is the hardest read ever. I barely make it 2 pages before I'm sleeping. The slave dialect is hard to understand and the story jumps around. I hate to say it, but I'm hating this book. Sorry.",
80840,__label__1,horrible work: this book is horrible and the only reason you may need to read it is to realize how bad it is. the portrait of that black man being punished and blessing his masters is impossible to bear. and she sermonizes a lot. i know she was against slavery but her depiction of black people is simply unbearable. oh god,
80841,__label__1,"race-relations propaganda: absolutely tedious, over-wrought--morality tale one of those books they make you analyze to death in english class. not worth the money",
80842,__label__1,"Not a fan of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin"" !: This has to be one of the most poorly written books I've ever read. A lot of it was simply the author's boring narrative and opinions. Parts of the book probably more or less correctly depicted the treatment of slaves during that era; other than that, I can't think of one redeeming thing to say about this book, other than reading it is a good way to get to sleep if you have insomnia.",
80843,__label__1,"Propaganda: This fictional story was claimed to be of divine inspiration and was used to justify the shedding of blood...this is a prejudiced view against Southerners, who, Library of Congress Records show paid their servants better wages/profit sharing, and provided better housing than the average industrial New York worker of 1900.Mrs. Stowe, and her husband, both shared a very high view of mankind, and a very low view of God. They claimed a higher moral authority than the US Constitution, and the Bible, in condemning slavery...rather than the evils that attended slavery.",
80844,__label__2,Uncle Tom's Cabin: An eye-opening book about a time that we did not live in but should know about. Perhaps too many sermons and extra words but the important points are there and brought out for all to see.,
80845,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: This copy of the book, ""Uncle Tom's Cabin"" served as a great resource for the classroom at a great price ""free""!",
80846,__label__2,"A classic: This is a classic and I loved how well kept it was. The product arrived quickly, I appreciate the manner in which the product was sent to me.",
80847,__label__2,"""Uncle Tom's Cabin"" I'm 74 years old and it's the first time I've read this classic.: I've never known slavery and all it's uglyness. The characters were so real and showed that even under very terrible circumstances the greatest of the human soul along with those depraved souls whether black or white.",
80848,__label__2,"great book: It was a great book, so glad I read it. It was a hard read for me though. I usually only take a week or two for a book, this one took me about a month and a half just because I wasnt used to the language (& sadly had to use the preloaded dictionary on my kindle several times). But all in all Im very very glad I read it!",
80849,__label__2,"GREAT book!!: i LOVED this book!! it was a fast read for me -- and before my kindle app i wasn't much of a book reader, even in high school. i definitely picked a good starter book because i am now on my 4th classic since mid-December. How can anyone remain prejudiced after reading this book??!! It is so sad. Everyone should have to read it. Thanks Miss HBS.",
80850,__label__2,classic: what can I say except that this is a classic that everyone who aspires to understand American history must read,
80851,__label__2,Uncle Tom's Cabin: This book displays what life was like in the United States prior to the Civil War. Not only in the South but also in the North with emphasis on slavery and how horible it was. It also portrayed the feelings of the non-slave during that era with empasis on the enslaved people.,
80852,__label__2,"It's not just about slavery!: I now know why our public schools only talk about this book, instead of requiring students to read it! Although it measures up to its anti-slavery theme, it has another major theme which is, ""No matter what circumstances you find yourself, the important things in life are knowing Jesus and treating other people properly."" Uncle Tom reflects his faith in good times and in bad, even when facing death. Although the book is fiction, Harriet Beecher Stowe reveals in her closing remarks, that all of the story-lines are true accounts of real people that she learned either 1st or 2nd hand. Uncle Tom's Cabin is a wonderful treasure.",
80853,__label__1,Garbage made to spread hate: This book is an entire work of fiction by a person claiming it to be first hand experience. None of it acttually happend ans was written entirely to spread hate and anger. Don't waste your time on this trash.,
80854,__label__1,"Deeply, deeply flawed.: This book, while well-intentioned, stands as yet another monument to cheap American liberalism, wherein a well meaning person makes a case for his/her (often inaccurate) personal idealisation of an oppressed people, without taking the time to really understand what is happening.The slaves in this book are angelic and good, yes, but they do nothing to impart in the reader a realistic understanding of what their plight really involved. The end result is almost embarassing.UCT's heart is bigger than its brain, and that's a dangerous thing for an intended instrument of social change. If you want the real story, read Fredrick Douglas' autobiography.On another note, this book is so sugary it made my teeth itch. It should be read and reviled.",
80855,__label__1,Not the best book: I had trouble getting through this book. I don't understand why people thought this book was so good.,
80856,__label__2,"Sad but True: I was glad to be able to read this on my Kindle. We,ofcourse, were to do so in Junior high but yours truly simply read summaries and made up the rest for book reports(sadly). I have learned to enjoy reading of late and my Kindle has a lot to do with it. This is a sad but real depiction of the times and we should all understand from where we've come. The cruelty should never be repeated.I would recommend this book to anyone imterested in the classics and our History. Harriet Beecher Stowe flows and it is easy reading.",
80857,__label__1,"Disappointing: Language too difficult. On some occasions, the slaves spoke very good English in contrast to the uneducated owners. The author gave no explanation.",
80858,__label__2,"As Powerful as When it was first Published: Uncle Tom's Cabin's depiction of the horrors of slavery seems as powerful and as moving to me today as when it was first published. Despite the book's overwhelmingly Christian reference, its appeal is universal, and its story resonates with people of all faiths and backgrounds. Despite the dated writing conventions that might sound strange to modern readers, Uncle Tom's Cabin is consistently well written and grippingly told. I needed to keep a tissue box handy -- it would be a hard person, indeed, who will not weep while reading this, especially knowing that the stories told are in no way exaggerated. If you have never read this book, or if you read it so long ago you no longer remember much about it, you should put it at the top of your list as a reminder of how far this Nation has come and how far we have yet to go to secure the human dignity and freedom of all our citizens.",
80859,__label__2,A great read: This was a moving tale and well worth reading. It gives you an insight into the plight of the slaves.You cant help wanting a happy ending for each of the characters,
80860,__label__2,"A powerful novel of one influential woman's view of slavery.: Uncle Tom's Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe, is an intriguing, influential, and enlightening novel. This novel truly radiates the unfairness and injustice of slavery.The characters are very important to the theme and ideas of the novel. Most all of them, especially the main charcter, Uncle Tom, reaches moral reconciliation or a spiritual reassessment, at one point in their lives. Stowe's purpose and ideas presented in this novel inform the readers that slavery is wrong and immoral. Stowe's novel leaves us with a lasting impression, and the idea that God is the only one who can truly make right, the wrong of slavery.",
80861,__label__2,It's a fantastic story!: It's an intriguing story. I had trouble putting the book down and felt sorry for the characters' fate through various chapters.,
80862,__label__2,"Classic revisited: This was a selection of a 3 person reading group. The book was selected from Jay Parini's list of""13 Bookds that changed the world"". Uncle Tom's Cabin was published in 1852 and was written byHarriet Beecher Stowe. It caused quite a stir at the time. It is an interesting read and a reminder of progress made and so much more to be accomplished. It gives the reader much to reflect on. As a northerner who came to the south as a child my experience was much different from the others in our little group which gave us an interesting discussion. I recommend the book as a reminder of the past.",
80863,__label__1,Not what I expected: Didn't care for it. Literature from another time that does not hold up. More of a moral pamphlet than literature. I had not read this before and was disappointed after giving it a chance.,
80864,__label__2,"a pretty quick read: I decided I should finally read this book. After struggling through Beloved and Lord Jim I feared I wouldn't understand a word of Uncle Tom's Cabin. But it read quite easily, and the story was pretty compelling. I was a little surprised at the religious argument in this book.I have to admit I am still a little puzzled on why ""uncle tom"" is a slur. While Tom is subservient to his masters his moral character makes him oppose his masters several times.",
80865,__label__2,"Uncle Tom's Cabin: Uncle Tom's Cabin has to be one of the most heart wrenching books I've ever read. While I knew slaves were sometimes mistreated, I couldn't have imagined to what extent. Imagine having your husband or child taken from you and sold to the highest bidder. This is a real testament to the human spirit and a must read for all!",
80866,__label__2,"Please, may I give it SIX stars?: May be my favourite novel of all times!! WOW!! I recommended to others and had comments like, 'I don't want to read anything else for awhile... I just want to hold onto this one... keep it in my heart.' If you don't shed tears and find this hard to put down... you're dead inside. Unbelievably gripping and moving. Challenges us to live better and stand up for what we believe... and maybe to believe what we believe a little deeper...",
80867,__label__2,"An All-Time Classic that Deserves Credit: Harriet Beecher Stowe has written one of America's best books. It is a masterpiece and deserves to be made into a Hollywood movie in the next future.The issue of slavery is an important one, and should be discussed more openly and more freely.",
80868,__label__1,"captures the essence of slavery but not the realities: There is no doubt in anyone's mind that Harriet Beecher Stowe's novel has been unequaled in its vast political influence. However, it contains one major flaw. Although the book treats slavery with a simple and determined resolution, and reduces slavery to what it really was (EVIL), the book ends with a happy and most improbable ending. Stowe might have been attempting to show that ultimately, good reigns over evil, but the message of the extreme urgency of the abolitionist movement is lost in the fairy tale ending.",
80869,__label__2,"A Classic on Many Levels: Uncle Tom's Cabin (Norton Critical Editions)Harriet Beecher Stowe brings the realities and dreams of slavery to life in the classic Uncle Tom's Cabin.The book follows Uncle Tom, a slave sold away from his wife and family to a trader headed for the auctions of New Orleans. Will Tom be purchased by a master with compassion or a heart of stone? Will he be treated well or flogged regularly? Only God can know the answers for Tom and guide him along the paths his slavery chains to him.Uncle Tom's Cabin brings to light the true hardship and heartache that was slavery and the painful realities of being owned as property in a Christian country proclaiming high morals. One cannot help but feel touched by the lives of Uncle Tom and others within the book as they struggle, cry, love and endure all they must endure.A truly excellent read for teens through adults.",
80870,__label__2,This book touches the heart of everyone who reads it: This book was pretty good but a little dry in places. Good for people who want a heart-wrenching story. A definite must-read if you have some free time as it takes a while to get through it but you will benefit from it.,
80871,__label__2,"Can they stop these Super-Roaches?: HORROR & SUSPENSE-Collector Cover Canadian Version-Widescreen-Dolby Digital Stereo(English)-English & Spanish Subtitles-Production Commentary With Director John Allardice & Co-Producer/Co-Writer- Neil Elman-THEY CRAWL, THEY CREEP, THEY KILL! A roach crawls up the leg of a bus driver (Jerry Kernion), panicing he continues to drive and crashes. A young military man Ted Gage (Daniel Cosgrove)with a secret who comes home to his ill mom Mrs. Gage (Grace Zabriskie) sister Mia Gage (Andi Eystad) to find out that his younger genius brother Brian 'Bean' Gage (Chase Hampton) is acting weird. The computer savvy brother & pal are doing government research on cockroaches? Police detective. Gina O'Bannon (Tamara Davies) investigates when the brother is mysteriously murdered & leads to his Professor Jurgen (Dennis Boutsikaris ). Who did it? The gambler Clarence(Tone Loc), Tiny Frakes (Mickey Rourke),or Even Exterminator (Tim Thomerson)? Can they stop th",se Supe
80872,__label__1,"Horror movie? How about horrible movie?: They Crawl? They put you to sleep! The pace of this movie makes it unwatchable. I'm not a big fan of bug movies anyway because who can eat anything while bugs are running all over the people on the screen?Not many bugs to worry about in this movie anyway. Not many good characters, storylines, scary or funny stuff.If you have They Crawl on a VHS tape you can put a small piece of tape over that spot on the side of it and record something you might watch again off of your television.",
80873,__label__1,"They Crawl...the movie crawls...B.O.R.I.N.G: It seems to be a nice cockroach buggie creepie-crawlie show, but it turns out to be this extremely BORING detective movie. The majority of the movie is a stupid criminal investigation. Hardly any roaches in it. BOOORRRING. The entire movie crawls slowly and it's hard to keep your interest. Mostly dialogue. Dullsville.If you have insomnia, watch it.",
80874,__label__1,"not good or funny, or anything really: this is a useless film, not even good for a laugh. The roaches only get a little screen time here. It's mostly talking. no real babes here either, if that's what you're after.",
80875,__label__1,"the only thing worse than this movie is the cover art.....: Ok, now you would think this would be about killer cockroaches and how terrifying it is to be eaten by bugs. (Warning spoilers ahead) ... You have explosions here, explosions there, and gun fights, and drama, and lots and lots of talking, and high tech computer equipment getting trashed. What about the bugs you ask? well lets see, you see them in action only a few times, and they kill 4 people, 3 you don't even see the bugs touch the people, and the last well, is so badly computer generated it wasn't even worth rewinding to get a better look. The film itself is excellent quality, not low budget at all. The cover art, looks like some re-re-re-release rehash of some 1960's sci-fi embarassment newly released. ...",
80876,__label__1,"i have seen all the asia argento movies this one is a dud: Michael Madsen kinda made watchen it a chore, is voice can hardly be heard ...find it hard to hear with the volume cranked up....you mite need a Michael Madsen translator?the story is a little to basic , found it hard to stay awake, not worth watchen twice ..rent if you want to ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzz.",
80877,__label__1,Snoozeville: This flick looked kinda sexy and part of it was to have taken place in Hong Kong! Unfortunately this B grade casts' leaden delivery etc... (some idiotic lines delivered by Michael Madsen) forced me to grab the remote and hit STOP! I never even made it to HK. Do yourself a favor. Stay away from this one.,
80878,__label__1,"the first unbox video that i bought that don't play ?: i bought the movie and my unbox video player locks up and gives me a windows error reporting, avoid this movie.",
80879,__label__2,"SHORT BUT SWEET: THIS MINI-ALBUM WAS ABSOLUTLY IN BIG COUNTRY'S PRIME. IT WAS MADE RIGHT AFTER ""THE CROSSING ALBUM"" AND REALLY IS THE FINAL ACT OF THE ""THE CROSSING"" ALBUM. 5 GREAT SONGS STARTING WITH ""WONDERLAND"" WHICH IS HAS TO BE THEIR NEXT BEST TUNE OUTSIDE OF THEIR EARLIER HIT ""IN A BIG COUNTRY"".NEXT IS ""ALL FALL TOGETHER"" WHICH CONTINUES TO POUR ON THAT UNIQUE SCOTTISH ROCK SOUND OF THEIRS. STRAIGHT THRU TO THE END IS THEIR GREAT UNUSUAL SOUNDING STYLE IN ""ANGLE PARK"",""THE CROSSING"" AND FINALLY ""CHANCE"".THEY REALLY BANG THIS STUFF OUT LIKE NO BAND BEFORE OR AFTER.",
80880,__label__1,"terrible title: this album should be called ""randomly assorted for no collective reason hip hop vol 1""",
80881,__label__2,"Enduring!: This book has been out there for quite some time and still remains a staple. And for good reason, the information is presented in a manner which just flows. Much is covered in this book, but the thought it provokes is even more. Excellent, recommended!",
80882,__label__1,"Great for a party, not for deep thought...: My fondest memory of this CD is dancing with a bunch of friends in a half-empty to ""Hot Topic"". I immediately rushed out and bought the whole CD, ready for more fun. After listening to it a few times, I'm not quite as excited. The musicians seem to be having fun, but that alone won't make it good. There's a real ""Hey Girls, let's start a band!"" slumber-party feel to it. I feel like a few too many people told them they were really good and they swelled heads and put out a full CD before they tightened up their act.",
80883,__label__2,"It would be five stars if Hanna didn't scare me 10 years ago: ...Her current musical endeavors with are waaay more interesting and fun to listen to than her pervious efforts. Raw disco at times, the way new wave flirtations always should be. The production is fab! Though some of the feminist anger on this record is healthy, lyrically from time to time it just feels patronizing, like an Oliver Stone film. I'd like to see more raw disco!!! And for that, it's worth the purchase!",
80884,__label__2,"Fans of Underground music should love!: Catchy as hell, this album is an instant classic in the vein of underground music, like The Fugs, or The Vaselines. The band name-drops a lot of radical political figures (in ""Hot Topic""), but the lyrics aren't simple platitudes or slogans. They're poetic, goofy, surreal. Musically, I hear the influences of the B-52s, Sleater-Kinney, and a lot more. I love Deceptacon, What's Yr Take on Cassavetes, Phanta, and Sideshow at University (this great instrumental that samples a hilariously conservative lecture on art). The CD provides plenty of mix-tape fodder!",
80885,__label__2,"pretty damn good: i heard one of the tracks from this album at the botanica one day & instantly knew that i would like it. it's sort of like a very pop/dance cross between the breeders, big black and beck. so i bought it thinking there would be at least one great tune on it, only to be happily surprised. i've since recommended it to all my friends &, now, you.",
80886,__label__2,"Kate and Cindy all over again.: As I listen to this CD, I can't help but imagine what Kate and Cindy (B-52's) would've sounded like if they hadn't gone all pop on us. This is a great CD, it shimmies just like Kate and Cindy once did, yet it goes further than that. There are some crazy clap along tunes and some cool lyrics...What's your take on Cassavetes?...Or...I went to your concert and I didn't feel anything. How many of us have been there before?Because of groups like these I don't download music. I'd rather buy it and have them earn some money. I'll download other [music], but I'll always support the good bands. You should too.So, I'll take my Metrocard (I'm in Mex City at the moment, and we have a Metro) and I'll head on over to all my friends' houses and have them listen to this CD, hopefully turning them onto this band which no one seems to know about here.",
80887,__label__2,"Let me hear you depoliticize my rhyme.: Yeah! This album rocks! Super disco funk grooves and screaming wailing feminist fury! It gets me going, it makes me crazy, it makes me dance and sing and flail my arms about. Every 16 year old girl in America should be made to listen to this album, plain and simple!",
80888,__label__2,"OXO Products Rock!: I love all things OXO. They make good, ergonomic and comfortable products of all kinds. This Tenderizer feels very nice in the hand with the soft grip it has. Works!",
80889,__label__1,"DO NOT PUT IN DISHWASHER: I love OXO utensils and have many of them. But I looked for quite a while for a meat tenderizer and missed the review that said not to put this tenderizer in the dishwasher. Pound raw meat; wash it in the dishwasher in hot water, right? The tenderizer I was replacing was aluminum. Now this one looks like old aluminum--it's gray and nasty looking. Not something I paid extra for to get stainless steel. It's totally not up to par with the usual OXO utensils.",
80890,__label__2,"Beat your steak or whatever into submission: This meat hammer works quite well at beating the toughness out of the meat before you cook it. Though, I am not sure as to why you cannot put it in the dishwasher, as it says not to... But, it does the job as advertised...",
80891,__label__2,"Dishwasher, you say...: I have a dishwasher that I use for glasses, plates, cups, bowls and cutlery that are recommended for dishwasher cleaning. If I encounter a good product that does the job for a good price, like my good quality chef knives and this meat pounder which I only use once a month, I simply wash it by hand, which takes about 20 seconds and burns...about 2 calories. I can't wait for Whirlpool to release their new dishwasher line that goes to the supermarket, buys your food, cuts it up and cooks and serves it for you, then flosses and brushes your teeth for you after you eat said food. Then maybe some reviewers may be satisfied.",
80892,__label__1,"Aluminum, NOT SS, NOT stainless steel: It can NOT be BOTH brushed stainless steel handle AND 1 piece aluminum construction. Read the reviews, it doesn't survive the dishwasher so it IS aluminum and it is NOT stainless steel. The picture clearly shows 1 piece construction, which is aluminum.",
80893,__label__2,"Rock solid: This OXO item is rock solid! Worth the money, and definitly does tenderize meat. Item shipped exactly as described!Great.",
80894,__label__2,"oxo meat tenderizer: purchased this product an was very pleased in the quality of the item,used it once so far on my steaks an they were very good, will have to try it on other types of meats, put so far iam very happy with it , i like it so well iam thinking of purchasing another one for my camper...",
80895,__label__2,"Typical OXO quality, but keep it out of the dishwasher: We've got OXO everything, and for good reason. They're high quality, very stylish looking, and are comfortable to use. The meat tenderizer is no exception. Solidly built, great handle, perfect weight for hammering those filets thin or beating some of the toughness out of a steak.We made the mistake of putting ours in the dishwasher. Big mistake. The shiny glossy metal got cloudy. This is too bad, because I like to wash anything that comes in contact with meat in the hottest water possible. But treat it like you would a good knife (wash it by hand) and you'll be fine.",
80896,__label__2,"Great Functionality, Not Dishwasher Safe: I am yet another fan of OXO Good Grips products. The meat tenderizer is another good product. It is very ergonomic, and it's heavy/solid so that you don't have to pound as hard as you would with more lightweight tenderizers.I don't like the fact that you can't put it in the dishwasher, but really, scrub it with some anti-bacterial dish soap and you're all set. After shopping at several home product stores in search of a tenderizer, I came back to the OXO Good Grips because I found it the best, in spite of not being able to put it in the dishwasher.",
80897,__label__1,"OK, but not great: This does the job fine, but if I had it to do over again, I would have gotten an all stainless one. Not being able to put this in the dishwasher is a huge drawback. My two favorite words are ""dishwasher safe,"" but to not be able to put something that touches raw poultry in the diswasher is insult to injury. I am pricing others and it looks like I'll be dropping at least $18.",
80898,__label__1,"Oxo Good Grips Meat Tenderizer: Bought this Oxo product based on its looks and reviews. Was I ever disappointed. A piece of junk! Top broke off the 2nd time used. Once it breaks, you can see the poor quality aluminum used in this product. Just another piece of Chinese junk in the garbage. I should have kept the warrenty for something like this. Will be buying a stainless commerical one now...",
80899,__label__1,"Do Not Put In DIsh Washer: Made the mistake of putting OXO Good Grips Meat Tenderizer in the dishwasher. I was getting ready to use it and noticed gray smudging on my fingers. Then I rubbed my fingers along the face of it and metal powder was coming off of it! I thought it was made of lead or pewter since I've never seen aluminum come off so easily. Since this wasn't the first time it's seen the dishwasher, I began to wonder how much of this stuff I've ingested. I would not recommend this to anyone. I'm throwing mine out. Be careful not to put it in the dishwasher, better yet, find one that's stainless steel.",
80900,__label__2,"Works great, easy to clean: Meat Tenderizer OXO / B00004OCJJIt always feels odd to rate minor kitchen implements as 5 stars, but this OXO meat tenderizer definitely works the way it should. The spiky end pokes holes in the meat nicely and the flat end flattens out thick chicken breasts in no time flat. It's fun to use (or at least I think so!) and it doesn't require a huge amount of strength. The grip is comfortable and doesn't lend itself to flying out of your hands. It's easy to clean - meat doesn't cling to the spiky end - and while it probably isn't rated for dishwasher use, that never stops me from throwing it in anyway, and I've had no problems.~ Ana Mardoll",
80901,__label__2,"A good, thorough astronomical encyclopedia: So far,I haven't found a single astronomical term that was missing or one for which the encyclopedia gave less than satisfactory explanation.",
80902,__label__2,"RACIAL TENSION SOLVED BY THE GOVERNMENT??: i read this book, and must say that it really got my mind thinking in a new direction regarding racial tension. For a new writer, this book is awesome, and a bit frightening at the same time. Could definetely see this as a movie. The characters are very well developed and whole concept is quite intriguing. Would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a ""good read"".",
80903,__label__1,"Not up for the Job: Like many of the reviewers noted, this piece of equipment is not really suited for the job. The blades are rather flimsy and not sharp enough to roll/cut typical herbs such as parsley and basil. Generally the roller minces and crushes the herbs into a wadded ball. In addition, a significant portion of the herbs rolls up inside the safety cover - creating a fair amount of wasted product.",
80904,__label__1,"Dull, Dull, Dull!: The tool really is good for nothing! the blades were dull and the herbs just became a stringy mess!",
80905,__label__2,not wanting this for herbs...: I am anxiously awaiting this product..but not for herbs.. I have a similar one.....and its a NOODLE CUTTER ... sure they call it an herb mincer....but for noodles...you can't get a better cutter....this one is for my mom in law....who makes noodles and dries them to sell ..all we have been able to find are cheap white plastic handled 'mincers' i have a german made steel one....but to get one like mine...and shipped here would cost me over 50$ so i'm hoping this will be the answer to our noodle cutter problems..... will let you know when it arrives... abbey ... Update..... this is fantastic...will get more for christmas presents ...,
80906,__label__1,"More like an herb smasher: I only used it twice before it hit the trash can. For one, the plastic top cracked. For two, it only bruised and smashed the herbs. It was okay for some herbs, like rosemary. But any herbs that have moisture in them were justed smashed. I'm back to using old faithfull, a good chefs knife.",
80907,__label__1,"Worthless!: The Oxo rolling mincer is lacking one important feature: Blades! It has thin little discs of metal, but they aren't blades. They are dull, dull, dull and do nothing but mash your herbs to pieces. Do you really want finely hammered herbs? It's like replacing a chef knife with a screwdriver. Ok, it's missing a couple more features: It's too small and the ""blades"" don't rotate independently. After the first use I noticed one of the ""blades"" had already bent about 5-10 degrees from parallel (which would have been prevented with independent blades). For quantity tasks, it is far slower than a chef knife. Try a nice double- or triple-bladed Mezzaluna instead. Mezzalunas have real blades that can be re-sharpened. (But don't buy one with a matching bowl shaped cutting board, they completely ruin the rocking action of the Mezzaluna).",
80908,__label__1,"Big Disappointment: As an avid cook, I'm always looking for time-saving utensils. This one, however, was a big disappointment. I tried the mincer on several different herbs, and it was unable to cut any of them, even the ones I had firmed up by soaking in cold water. While I usually like OXO products, I cannot recommend this one.",
80909,__label__1,"I wanted to like this...: ...really, I did. I am a loyal Oxo customer and nearly everything in my kitchen is from either the Good Grips or the SteeL product line. I was really excited to use this on the fresh herbs I grew in my garden...but it just flat out doesn't work. It pains me to give an Oxo product only one star, but honestly, the thing is worthless. I'd give it zero stars if I could. Even apart from the fact that the blades do absolutely nothing, it's also extremely difficult to re-assemble it after you take it apart to clean it. It's really just a big disappointment on multiple levels and it's currently taking up space in my drawer.",
80910,__label__1,"LOUSEY!!! Truly awful.: This thing is totally useless. You could roll it over a lime leaf or basil for 10 minutes and not even make one slice. It really does merely ""bruise"" your herbs! I find it very hard to believe that OXO tried using this in a test kitchen before marketing it. AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!",
80911,__label__1,USELESS: The OXO Miner does not mince. It only bruised basil and parsley. We are still trying to find out what we can use it for.,
80912,__label__1,WOULD NOT RECOMMEND: ITALIAN PARSLEY JUST BRUISED INSTEAD OF CUT. CHIVES AND BASIL DID NOT FAIR AS WELL EITHER. I DIDN'T WANT TO RUIN ANY OTHER HERBS SO I JUST STOPPED THERE. THE CONCEPT SEEMED SO GREAT AND I WAS SO EXCITED TO FIND A PRODUCT THAT WOULD HELP WITH SUCH A TEDIOUS TASK UNTIL I TRIED IT.,
80913,__label__1,"cannot cut through basil!: Maybe the micer I received had dull blades, but it would not cut through leaves of fresch basil! I tired several times with pressure and on different surfaces, but it only made dents in it and I ended up cutting it with my knife. I am going to buy a mezzaluna and return this thing!",
80914,__label__1,"Rolling herb mutilator: Like all OXO products, this is ergonomic. However, it has the slight flaw that it doesn't actually mince herbs. Tried it with parsely, a fairly durable herb that slices easily. The herb mincer managed to slice through some of the leaves on top, but left a layer of mutilated leaves underneath! It did not matter how hard I pushed, the bruised leaves would not cut! Even if it did work the wheels are not closely spaced enough to mince; I would describe it as closer to chopped. You will be much better off with a sharp knife than with this worse than useless product. I returned mine the same day.",
80915,__label__1,"Better use kitchen scissors!: This utensil is not able to cut various types of herbs. It does not work with basilicum, it does not work with cilantro either. Perhaps it works with parsley? I did not even care to try anymore. If you have small quantities of herbs to cut, better put them in a mug and cut with a pair of kitchen scissors. If you have big quantities to cut, a cook's knife or a mezzaluna are better alternatives. One gadget less in your kitchen drawer!",
80916,__label__1,"gathers dust in my kitchen: it simply doesn't do the job. only bruises the herbs. i normally love oxo products, but this one is a disappointment.",
80917,__label__1,Desert Storm: I own this game but I would never call it a game. It is a great resource for information about Desert Storm but it does not play well.,
80918,__label__1,"Never locked onto The Signal: Some mysterious signal gets into every TV, radio, and phone - and drives its listeners into a murderous frenzy, or at least into into some dissociative state. Lots of red stuff spatters and, once spattered, stays. For some reason, people (even in this post-HIV era) never think to wipe it off.Fans of psycho-splatter flicks will like this flick. I just wish I knew one to recommend it to. All others should see something else. I don't know how it ends, since I left half way through. I haven't done that in a LONG time. I guess the practice was good for me.-- wiredweird",
80919,__label__2,Destined to be a CLASSIC creepy movie!: VEry interesting...scarey and an unusual twist in the way it was presented! Buy it and you'll watch it often. Brilliant direction by David Bruckner!,
80920,__label__1,"Not as good as expected: I was looking forward to this movie when I read about it, but after seeing it I was disappointed. It started out good but then slowly became boring and uninteresting. The beginning and end are really good but the middle just slows down too much and becomes convoluted. It could have been 20 minutes shorter and would have been better. You could tell each of the 3 portions was directed by a different person.",
80921,__label__1,"Horrible B Horror: This movie is really bad. There is no real story, a mysterious signal is transmitted through phones and TVs and drive pepole to violence, and that is all it is, no plot, no nothing just endless violence. There is no explanation for what is going on and the movie is just bad. Also the mix of bloody violence and goofy humor that can be good, is done horrible here. The movie failed to entertain me in any way. Some pepole may like this becouse it is indy, some seam to think anything indy is automatically good but in truth this movie is trash and nothing else.",
80922,__label__1,"Worst Movie of the Decade???: I don't know if this is the worst film of the decade, but it's certainly in the top 5. What a let down. I had not viewed this picture before buying the DVD, wish I had, could have saved $18.99. It's even more now! I love GOOD SCI-FI, and this is unbelievably BAD SCI-FI. If you've seen this movie an want to buy it, good for you, but, if you've been waiting for the DVD release to see it, do yourself a favor and rent it first, you may decide it's better not to clutter your collection with this stinker!",
80923,__label__1,"The Signal: I will stop buying Blu-ray movies, until I can rent/view them. I think this movie and another (About a monster in manhattan) were done by amateur people or very, very low budgeted. That was money down the drain.",
80924,__label__1,"So bad I threw it out: Bad movie, bad plot bad everything. watched 5 minutes and literally threw it in the garbage. I did not even bother reselling it because no one would want it.",
80925,__label__1,DIFFERENT: This movie had a lot of possibilities but feel flat in the end. I think it was an interested concept very similar to Pontypool from 2008 but not as good. I just don't like how when it's directed they get you so confussed at where it's going that you wonder at the end if it was real or made up in your head? Hard to follow and almost a Dark Comedy in my opinion.Not very well done...,
80926,__label__2,"Good for a laugh not a scare: I will not go into movie synopsis and all that as to draw this out longer than it needs to be. A friend of mine and I purchased this movie hoping to be scared out of our minds...that was not the case. However, this movie is still Grade A entertainment. I never thought I would become a fan of random acts of violence but some instances of this movie are just downright classic comedy. Some parts may cause you to place your hand over your mouth and shake your head side to side in shame and remorse for victims but that does not take away from the comedic aspects of the film. This film is comedy, mild horror, romance, and suspense all at the same time.",
80927,__label__1,"Signal Stinker: A hynotizing signal over the airwaves, telephones, etc. makes people crazed psychopathic killers,everyone is killing everyone, but amazingly a few survive to stretch out this stinkeroo for way toolong. If Stephen King's ""Cell'"" is supposed to be like this-forget it too,... I will bet ""Cell"" is better.Did not recognize any actors. they all were way too dramatic and bad. This DVD belongs in the trashcan.I tried very painfully to watch this movie, and my brother sat there also,..we both thought it hurled.Will never watch it again. Whatever reviews say that this is a good watch belong in the cast of thisstinker film.",
80928,__label__2,Best Little Golden Book: I want to own all of Margaret Wise Brown's books. Her sing-song writing style just lifts me. I also liked that the boy in the story is so thoughtful toward his little grandmother.,
80929,__label__2,passing on ...: Thirty-five years later I am able to pass on to my grandson a book that was loved by his mother and uncle. How good it is to find these gems still in print.,
80930,__label__2,"Golden Books are a delight: The art and story are grounded in wholesome warmth that conveys a valuable lesson to children. It's a great story to capture the imagination of children, teach them about kindness, interpersonal relationships and how many unseen people enable us to get things done in our lives.",
80931,__label__2,"Great companion to the Unabridged CD Set: I have everything Doreen Virtue has ever published. Her books, tapes and CDs are always so clear and easy to understand. There is no filler or fluff, just uplifting stories and wonderful exercises to help you nourish your soul. Hays House produces fantastic books, card decks and kits. This particular kit works well alone or with the unabridged CD version of Connecting with your Angels.This kit includes:A special workbook filled with easy-to-follow stepsA new CD in which Doreen guides you through the process of discovering your angels' identities and messagesA journal that will allow you to track your angelic communicationsA rose quartz crystal to help you feel your angels' loving guidanceNatural incense to help elevate your spiritual frequency12 original angel oracle cards to help you instantly connect with your angelsDead Sea bath salts to help you clear away negativity from your mind and body",
80932,__label__1,"Best of the West: I am a fan of Riders in the Sky; however, the quality of the back up instrumentation was terrible and I was disappointed in the overall quality of this CD.",
80933,__label__1,"The tracks are wrong.: I hate to say this but the people saying the tracks are wrong are right. There are 14 tracks of original artists doing classic western songs like Back in the Saddle Again (I swear it's Autry) and Tumbling Tumbleweeds (the same version used in The Big Lebowski). It is definitely not the Riders (who I have seen live and heard recorded). I think there may be secret bonus tracks, but I am guessing they don't transition to the Riders' tracks or there was a manufacturing error and for some buyers the Riders' stuff never got burned. Those who get the Riders should count your blessings.",
80934,__label__1,"Titles are Wrong: This CD is a suprise package...the titles listed bear no resemblance to what's on the CD. The music is good, you just don't know what song will be next.",
80935,__label__1,"Titles are wrong!: The titles on this disc and it's liner notes are not what is actually on the disc. Further, there are only 14 tracks on the disc and the CD lists 22! It's nice music never-the-less, but for my purpose I like to know the title of the songs that I'm listening to. Otherwise I would have given this a higher rating.",
80936,__label__2,"Sit down and listen: This is a masterpiece. I encourage the young to venture into the amazing musical poetry of ""The Gates of Delirium."" There is a history of rock music and this is a must. Keep enjoying the new stuff that's out there, but dig into the past. It may become your future....",
80937,__label__1,"Patrick Moraz is no Rick Wakeman: I guess I don't hear what everyone else is hearing? The follow up to ""Tales.."" doesn't even come close. The main reason is because Rick Wakeman left the band and was replaced by Patrick Moraz.Don't get me wrong, Moraz is a top notch keyboardist, but doesn't even measure up to Rick Wakeman. Wakeman split because he thought the band was starting to go too mainsteam and he wanted to continue his ideas with the solo approach.Of the pre-80's Yes albums, this is the one I listen to the least. ""Sound Chaser"" is OK, but the rest of the album gets old quick. If you're a Rick Wakeman nut like myself then this album will disappoint you.",
80938,__label__1,Sometimes Less Is More: Rhino should have released the bonus tracks in a separate package and left all these classic early Yes albums the way they were meant to be.,
80939,__label__2,"Yes is unbelievable: Seriously. Close to the Edge is awesome, TTE was just so-so, but then they came back and completely hit the jackpot with Gates of Delirium. It changed my life. And the other two tracks are great too, not just ""hey we got another side to fill, now what"", but legitimately wonderful music too. Of course, I can't make head or tail of the lyrics. I rather listen to this with the voice more as an instrument, since I can't understand him and if I could I'd just be confused. It's about the music.",
80940,__label__2,The best Yes album-ever: For those of you who are looking for a Prog-rock essential album- this is it...Relayer shows the genius behind the music.,
80941,__label__2,Possibly Their Best: If you're a fan and you don't have this cd don't waste another moment. It's that good!,
80942,__label__2,"One of their better albums.: I'll admit, the vocals can be ridiculous on some of the Yes albums and totally negate any comparisons to King Crimson. Crimson was just plain better in this regard.But some of the albums by Yes are pretty fun to listen to this being one of them. The vocals are pretty good here and they had not yet driven the carriage off the cliff. VERY cool cover art and three long players and we have quite a display of showmanship from the guitarists and keyboardists especially. I like this one and will give it the full recommendation. Kind of whimsical and yet complex noodling abounds. I get some Led Zeppelin vibes at times. You really need to be careful with Yes though.",
80943,__label__2,"If you only want her dance club songs...: I was debating over whether to get the Heat cd with all of her new music releases or just the single. If you're like me, I only really like her upbeat dance type songs. I listened to bits of each song on Heat and was really disappointed, hoping for more songs like this single. If you love her passion and her romance and heartbreak songs, you'll probably love her Heat cd. If you only want her dance club type songs, this single is all you need! It even comes with the video you can play on your pc. However, I was a little disappointed with the ""you're making me high remix."" The original was much better. Regardless, you can't go wrong with this single!",
80944,__label__2,"Strong Enough For A Man, And Also Tough From A Woman: I definitely adore Toni Braxton. She is one of the very few performers who definitely still has the elegance, and the feeling that very few performers still have maintained. Her 2000 single He Wasn't Man Enough, the first single from her record The Heat, is a very upbeat and powerful song. Her voice on this track is really proof she still has the toughness, and appeal she still is graciously known for. This was one of my favorite songs from 2000. I just hope people keep enjoying her great tracks like this one. I just hope Toni pulls off another great R&B; song like this one again.Song: B+",
80945,__label__1,"what?: yeah, yeah, she has one good song so they decide to put it on there three times and barely change it and charge you ten bucks, I mean, is that supposed to be a joke? Why pay ten bucks for a song when you can download it free, and then burn it, you'd think record companies would catch on",
80946,__label__1,"What a dumb song.: What this song amounts to, basically, is another ""advertisment"" for Darkchild; the producer Rodney Jenkins. While Jenkins is a good producer, must he say--or have his name said --in the song? This was what Puffy did and now he is gone. And I was never thrilled with him and his materialistic boasting all up in the song. He really spoiled Faith Evans song All Night Long doing that.Now about the song and Toni Braxton; This song is a backward step for Mrs. Braxton who has paid her dues with her debut album. This song seems like something the yet mature TLC would do aside from that No Scrubs garbage they put out a couple years back. Toni Braxton is of a higher caliber than this.Note; this cd single has a David Morales radio mix for You're Making Me High, a butt-kicker from 1996. Short and sweet and to the point.",
80947,__label__1,"A good idea, but lacks depth and interest: This illustrated book helps a child understand a parent's depression. We need more books on this topic, especially when my favorite one, Please Don't Cry Mom, is out of print. Why Are You So Sad gives straightforward information, but the plot and illustrations seem one dimensional. I did not find myself drawn in by the characters. I had a couple of children look at it. One said that it sounded ""accurate"" but they did not find it interesting.Children of a depressed parent need to hear this sort of information, so I will keep the book. A parent or counselor might be better off reading the book themselves, and making up their own story based on the factual material presented in the book. Sad Days, Glad Days does not have as much factual material but has better illustrations and conveys more warmth.",
80948,__label__1,"It's a Pass: I'd have to agree with the first reviewer. this one is not worth your time. i had very high expecations as i love this genre of illustration and graphic design... and there was hardly any content! i'm not even sure how they actually had enough pages to bind this book. the cover was the most exciting part. Look to some great titles like ""UNCOVERED: the hidden art of the girlie pulps"" and you'll be much more satisfied.",
80949,__label__2,"Received a different but good product.: I ordered these Tuffsak 15 Count 55 Gallon Contractor Drum Liners but instead I received black Ruffies Pro brand 55 Gallon Contractor Drum Liners.The dimensions, thickness and quantity were the same as the Tuffsak bags and according to the box the Ruffies bags are made in the USA. So far they seem very durable, as you would expect from a 3 mil (0.0762 mm) thick bag. Long, paper-coated twist ties were included.",
80950,__label__2,"Great bags, keeps HEPA filter clean: I use these along with a HEPA cartridge filter. This is a great combination to eliminate the fine dust health hazard. I use my Shop Vac with my router, biscuit joiner, table saw, and miter saw to collect chips and dust. With this bag the HEPA filter stays very clean and should last a long time.",
80951,__label__2,"Good filtering, a bit pricey: Pros:- A must have for cleaning up dusty messes- Seems to do a good job of filteringCons:- a bit pricey for what they are- require a bit of finagling to get a good fit- not easy to switch between these bags and a traditional filter. Best to just install and leave until it is fullThere is no substitute for these things. If you have a fine dusty mess (i.e. drywall) you got to have one. A traditional filter just won't cut it. In that sense they are a life saver. However, if you have small dusty mess it is not easy switch between the bag and the filter. Especially if the bag is a bit full it is hard to get it arranged correctly in the canister if you are switching it out between jobs. I usually just leave it in, but then end up using the bag for jobs where the bag really isn't needed which makes using the bags more expensive to use than if I were able to easily switch them.",
80952,__label__2,Good Product: I will definitely buy them again. The price is reasonable and the bags work great with my Shop-Vac to remediate sawdust in my workshop.,
80953,__label__1,"Not As Shown In Photo: The bags I receieved were not labeled ""Shop-Vac 9067200"" as shown in the picture of the item. The bags I received have no printing on them so I'm not sure if I received the equivalent of the Shop-Vac ""High Efficiency Bag"" or just a regular dirt collection bag which sells for less. Also, if I wanted a generic bag, I could have ordered them from any number of sellers for lot less. I paid a premium for a Shop-Vac High Efficiency Bag (P/N 9067200), which was shown in the ad and didn't get them!",
80954,__label__1,"Falls apart: They fall apart when the slightest bit wet or when they get full. Not a good product unless you keep it dry and empty it when it is half full, doubling the cost.",
80955,__label__2,sliders: excellent from start to finish lots of action great acting very understandable story lines but final season blah not interesting wont purchase fifth and final season,
80956,__label__1,poor design: When installed this bag hits the motor and support structure in the middle of the vacuum. This causes the bag NOT to open up and there for actually blocks the vacuum from working,
80957,__label__2,"Very Useful: It is very useful book for students, researchers and instructors who are involved in community design and planning. The methods of participation are very well described.",
80958,__label__2,"fans of Nat King Cole, enjoy!: I have loved Nat's music almost all my life, for that velvet voice of his, and also, the beautiful songs, and they are all here on this CD. I recommend it for anyone who is a fan of Nat King Cole.",
80959,__label__2,"Touches The Heart: Nat King Cole is in a league of his own. No one can match his sound - or his music. He is timeless, and his music is magic. Defintely music to have a glass of good wine with.",
80960,__label__2,"so dreamy: He is a one-of-a-kind so mellow, love this cd, best yet, perfect, can't describe any more than what it is.",
80961,__label__2,"mr. cool the king: what a beautiful, soothing album. just beautiful. i play this when i'm working.****it clears my mind****",
80962,__label__2,"He's the man: I never heard an album from him that I did not like, except from the ""old"" sound-like his ""Greatest Hits"". The sound on this album is excellent, you will love it!",
80963,__label__1,"FALSE ADVERTISING!: I wish I had read the one review of this item prior to purchasing it, because it would have saved me time and disappointment. I echo everything it stated. I expected to receive an assortment of six rubber ducks, but instead only received one! I would never have purchased one rubber duck for $10. The picture and description of this product are completely misleading. Save your money and do NOT buy this product from this seller! Buy rubber ducks somewhere else! On a positive note, Amazon resolved this matter quickly for me without any hassle. I was issued a full refund without paying any return shipping costs.",
80964,__label__1,"DO NOT PURCHASE!: I was very excited to receive these ducks as my 3 boys fight over the 2 we have. But when my package arrived, there was only 1 duckie, not an assortment of 6!!!! If you are going to purchase this item, make sure that they are going to send you 6 and not 1 before purchasing. It's very deceiving and so I called the seller. They did not feel bad about placing the wrong description. I would never purchase from this seller ever again.",
80965,__label__1,"Not what I purchased!: I thought I was buying ""polka dot duck assorted"" however I recieved only 1 rubber duck! 1 duck for $15! That is crazy!! I returned this item through Amazon and got a full refund including shipping. I am very pleased with Amazon, NOT with this seller!!!",
80966,__label__1,"Elegant vs. Ordinary: Okay so I purchased several rubber ducks for my daughters first birthday. I was so disappointed when I received 1 $15.00 rubber duck in the mail after purchasing what I thought was six rubber ducks. The item was titled ""Elegant Baby Polka Dot Duck Asst."" and the picture to the item showed six ducks. When in fact you only get one duck. Needless to say, there is nothing special about the rubber duck. I was disappointed to say the least. It was cute but not worth $15.00.",
80967,__label__1,"room for improvement: For the most part, I've enjoyed my Good Grips utensils. The mini chef knife was easy to handle and very sharp at first. However the blade became dull after a short period of very light use. Now it's even showing rust spots! I can only think OXO used poor quality steel in this knife for it to have deteriorated so quickly.",
80968,__label__1,"Design Flaw in OXO Knives: My Son, who is a Culinary graduate, purchased a set of OXO knives for me as a gift. I know they were not inexpensive. However, within a year, three of the six knives seperated from the grips during use. While the grips are quite nice, the knives are dangerous to use and can cause serious injury in the kitchen. They should be removed from the market. In all three cases, the blades flipped upwards during slicing.",
80969,__label__1,"Paring knife is so dull I couldn't stand it.: Sorry to disagree with other reviewers, but my experience of the paring knife was that it's perhaps the softest metal I've ever seen used in a knife, and as a result, it's not very sharp and doesn't improve if you try sharpening it. My friend, a fellow cook who got it as a gift, doesn't like it; I hated it and would never choose to use it. There's a reason the price is so low.",
80970,__label__1,"Razor Sharp - sometimes convenient: The only reason that I give the mini chef knife (I have not used the paring knife) one star is because its size has sometimes come in handy and the blade is extremely sharp.WORDS OF WARNING - <1> the grip has a tendency to move/slide while you are using the knife... do not use this knife to cut anything that would require significant pressure! <2> The back side of the blade is also very sharp! I have better than average culinary skills and have cut myself twice on the back of this knife. <3> Though it is a small, cute knife, only a fool would think that this knife would be a good ""junior"" knife for a kid who wants to cut and cook like Mommy (or in my case, Daddy).",
80971,__label__1,"very poor quality for OXO: I love OXO products and own almost every product, but these knives are very poorly made. I had three sets, and the handles eventually came off on all six knives- very unsafe! Some handles slipped off, and some snapped off. I'm surprised OXO is still making and selling these knives, because the poor quality really tarnishes their reputation.",
80972,__label__2,"Nice way to start!: Why do I say these are a nice way to start? Well, they are great knives, but after using them I think you will want to progress to the OXO MV55-Pro.I started with these and really liked them. Nice handles, good cut. But then I bought the Pro...and well, they REALLY live up to their name.But these are a good inexpensive way to ""try out"" the OXO line.",
80973,__label__1,"not pictured: This item is described correctly, but the picture is the floor nozzle that is about 1"" x 14"" that works much better. The wide opening on this piece is not good floor finished and is prone to scratching floors",
80974,__label__2,"A GD masterpiece: A genuine treasure because they were so unified, and playing off one another on this tour. A moment of tribal confidences which we were so lucky that it was recorded, as a time capsule for generations to come. ""And the music never stopped.""",
80975,__label__2,"A Must For Even the Casual Fan: If you want a place to start your Grateful Dead collection, look no further. For the casual fan, this, American Beauty and Workingman's Dead will probably be all you ever need by this band. If, however, you develop a love and devotion for The Dead as I have, this will only be the tip of the iceberg. This album contains not only the signature songs of The Dead, like He's Gone, Jack Straw, and Brown Eyed Women, but also definitive and flawless performances of all of them. Check out the incredible versions of China Cat Sunflower > I Know You Rider, Sugar Magnolia, and Morning Dew as some proof of this. The album is not, however strictly ""live"", like Live/Dead, rather, many vocals and some instruments were overdubbed in the studio, as well as being subject to mixing edits. This is the case, however, with many of rock's great live recordings, and is not of determent to this quintessential album. It is a must for any collection; one listen and you'",l be ho
80976,__label__2,"Seminal live recording: Curious about the GD phenomenon? Their rep is for live performances. This one gives you a tasty taste. Also good is""Skull & Roses.""Hear more at http://www.archive.org/details/GratefulDead . ""Thank you, for a real good time!""",
80977,__label__1,"Such a letdown: I had never listened to this album, but so many of their live recording from Europe in 72 were just excellent, so I decided to buy it unheard. I was so disappointed to hear these tracks- they're slow and drawn out. I guess it's a more relaxed show, good for people that want to chill out, but I just feel like they weren't giving me what I wanted to hear, like the album was just a big tease. I really dislike 'American Beauty' as an album and I guess I put this into a similar category. If you dislike AB (not exactly common within the dead community) then stay away from Europe '72.",
80978,__label__1,"This remastered version is actually a step backwards in sound quality!: What a big dissapointment this Rhino remaster was! As soon as I played it I noticed that it sounded worst than my original copy of the Warner Bors. CD release.This remaster is about 5-6 dbs louder than the original release but it is compressed, muffled and clipped. There is a lot less clarity and separation between the voices and instruments (the drums are a mess). It seems the engineers jut compressed the hell out of the original master tape. I did an AB comparasion with my two players (one of them a HDCD machine) and the results were not what I expected.This applies to the original Europe 72 material. The extra tracks are better, but apart from an excellent ""Looks Like Rain"", it is all Pigpen howling, and that is my least favorite GD music.I bought the ""Live Dead"" remaster at the same time and it has the same problem.Stick with your Warner versions if you still have them!",
80979,__label__2,"Love it: This purchase was to replace an old, long-lost copy. I've always liked their studio-produced stuff, much to the chagrin of some more serious aficionados. Every once in a while it's nice to hear a nice crisp rendition than to have to pore over tons of bootlegs to find just the one. There are some really good renditions on this 2-disc set. For me, He's Gone and B.E. Women were killer.",
80980,__label__2,"Quintessential Dead: Although this was not my first Dead album, Europe 72' became the sound that defined The Grateful Dead for me and launched me on what is almost a 25 year love affair. They have reshaped themselves several times over throughout their career and I've learned to love each decade for it's own beauty; however Europe 72' will always remain the quintessential sound of the Grateful Dead.If you don't have this...well you ain't Dead yet!",
80981,__label__2,"The Crocketts (Host pt 2): How can I describe this single. I have run out of superlatives to describe the three songs on this amazing CD. Being only 17 I feel I have a wide appreciation of all genre's of music and listening to this CD beats everything I have previously played. The live sound of the Crocketts is unbelievable and should be listened to by any other music fan. The soft strum alongs of 'Host' to the fantastic, one of a kind 'Will you still care for me'. This is a must have all record collections and the band should get much more recognition than they previously have. The songs blow me away and gives me such a pleasure while listening to this cracker of a CD. I widely recommend this to anybody who is into the unusual and with the Crocketts you will certainly get thatHave fun listening Gary (London)",
80982,__label__1,NOT THE ONE I WAS LOOKING FOR: MY FAULT THIS ONE I GAVE IT AWAY IT'S THE THE MOVIE I THOUGHT IT WAS.SO IT'S MY FAULT AND I DID NOT WATCH IT ALL THE WAY THROUGH.,
80983,__label__1,Terrible quality!: The quality of this set of sheet is terrible!!! Both the flat and fitted sheets pile and they felt like sand paper after the first time I used them. This is not the quality you hope to get with 500 thread count sheets... Very disapointed!!! Do not buy them!!!,
80984,__label__2,Like Heaven: I absolutely love these sheets. They are soft and comfy. The color is a beautiful light soft blue. The perfect color I was looking for. I love laying in bed for extra time in these sheets.,
80985,__label__1,not heavy duty: was dissappointed by the fact that this is very thin wire and doesnt seem to be heavy duty. I hope it holds up but I have my doubts.,
80986,__label__1,picture not accurate: the photo looks great. Too bad what i got had slivered almonds - not a single whole almond in the box!don't waste your money. the picture looks NOTHING like what they send. They should have to put up a photo of what it really looks like. they wouldn't sell any!!!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel cheated,
80987,__label__2,"great heart monitor with lap feature.: had a polar f6 before, fulfilled my need for a lap feature. the foot pod was larger than i thought it would be, have not used it yet. would recommend this hr to a friend.",
80988,__label__1,"Bad delivery: I bought this watch for a girl obvious red, the invoice said red, but the watch I receive is black...no comments",
80989,__label__2,"Better than stock!: If you need to replace your air filter, go with one of these. They are much better than stock, adding a noticable performance boost and an improvement to engine tone. And since it's a lifetime filter it is both cost and environment friendly! Just wash and re-oil rather than throwing the whole thing out.",
80990,__label__2,Great: Got the filter quick and love it. My car does appear to have more power and gas milege improved.,
80991,__label__1,"RESPIRATORY CARE EXAM REVIEW: I wasn't to pleased with the book. I have read the book from cover to cover, numerous times and thought I knew all the info for the RRT exam. Well, I took the RRT exams and didn't pass either one. The majority of the highlighted material wasn't even covered on the exam. Further more, what was on the tests weren't really covered in depth in this book. For the cd- it was good because it was based on what the computerized test was really like. I felt confident when I was ready to take my tests but not pleased with the results. I also found of few flaws, like mispelled words, missing words on the cd??????? and very confusing ways to do the equations and ABG's.",
80992,__label__1,"Garbage full of errors: Information given in a mathmatical style, full of errors.Internet content is also full of errors and is lacking.Garbage",
80993,__label__1,Cheap Chinese Plastic: Anything more than 99 cents for this product is a rip off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Cheap chinese plastic. Your Ipod could fall off anytime..BUYER BEWARE!!!!,
80994,__label__2,"R.I.P.: This is a very good album-but before I listen to the entire album I skip to track 6-R.I.P., It was very awesome of Bikini Kill to dedicate a song about someone who had passed away from AIDS, and the feeling that Kathleen Hanna puts into the song is astonishing!!!",
80995,__label__2,"Ultimate Smoothness: They were both at the top of their form, and the intro to ""After The Waltz Is Over"" is worth the price of admission all by itself!",
80996,__label__2,"A Fabulous Evening with George and Mel and Brian: This has been my favourite musical album since the day I first played it. Although I don't favour the instrumental tracks featuring bass player Brian Torff, every single track with George and Mel is a classic. I have listened to this CD literally thousands of times and never tire of it. The arrangements (done, I believe, by Torme and Shearing) are superb and Mel's work on ""Berkeley Square"" is as good as you will ever hear by any singer. This album is truly a joy to listen to. If you haven't heard it you are in for a treat as the piano playing, the singing and the choice of songs is simply brilliant. You can understand why Mel Torme won the Grammy for best jazz performance by a male the year this album was released, but Shearing should have received a Grammy as well.",
80997,__label__2,"Great birthday present.: This is one amazing tool. The genius of the thing is it not only mashes potatoes, but it also mashes other things like carrots, squash, beets, and a lot of other things. This tool replaces a multitude of single use tools like carrot mashers. No other country could invent a product that is so beneficial to mankind, making the world a better place. This magnificent piece of engineering was later found to be predicted in Einstein's explanation of the curvature of time and space. The simplicity of the thing is simply amazing yet complex at the same time. Be sure to read, understand and follow all the instructions that come with this tool. Don't be fooled into thinking it is benign. I badly mashed my hand.I gave this four stars because it's instructions do not explicitly state to cook the vegetables prior to mashing. That's how I mashed my hand.Makes a good birthday present for your wife. Also, a good Bingo prize. Take my word on this.",
80998,__label__2,Mash Patato Lover Beware: I bought this so I could make my sweeties favorate side dish; mash patataos. I like the easy compfortable grip and quick clean up of this item. There is nothing like fresh mash potatos; in my opinion.It makes mashing patatoes quite easy and enjoyable. I also us it to mash other items for soups and sauses. I keep it very handy so when needed.Enjoy,
80999,__label__1,"Avoid!: This is NOT, I repeat, NOT the stick grenade those dirty Germans used against us Good Ol Boys back during Dubya Dubya 2. This here is for actually mashing potatoes. I was the laughing stock at this year's Dubya Dubya 2 re-enactment. Luckily I had a fresh whole rabbit with me to distract my platoon as I hid the so-called ""potato masher"" under a large woman's dress.",
81000,__label__1,"It'll mash 'em, but then it'll rust.: I bought this here masher about two months ago, and I've been eating mashed potatoes every day, so its gotten some good use. However, I've found that with such frequent use, the masher is getting a bit mis-shapen. It also started to rust after a few cycles in the washing machine, which was unexpected! Not sure if I'm doing something wrong or what, but I was pretty disappointed in this masher. I'd definitely invest in a better masher in the future!",
81001,__label__2,Been looking for one of these for weeks: This OXO Good Grips WAire Potato Masher is just what I needed to complete my tool gadgets. I'd looked in stores all over and was unable to fine one on the shelf.,
81002,__label__2,"Comfortable, sturdy masher: I've not found an OXO product I dislike yet. This one replaces my decades old masher, which had a too-small handle that hurt my hand when used.",
81003,__label__2,"Simple but great!: Potato masher, well, it does as advertised...with a little help from you of course. End result is great! smooth or little lumpy as some (myself) prefer. Handy tool! As it says, Good Grips, very comfortable and sturdy build.",
81004,__label__2,"Great potato masher: I had a flimsy potato masher with a terrible handle I could hardly wait to get rid of. This one is easy and comfortable to use,very sturdy and does exactly what is supposed to do. Buy it! You won't regret it.",
81005,__label__2,"It does it's job: Nothing fancy, just mashin' action. I would give it 5 stars if the handle was a bit more comfortable (just hard plastic as opposed to something more comfortable, but it's not like you use it that much) and if the design was closer to the honeycomb open-hole idea instead of the curvy wires, which leave more lumps in your mashed potatoes. But really, if you want perfectly lump-free mashed potatoes, you should be using a ricer, not a masher.",
81006,__label__2,"Wonderful Product: This really is the perfect masher - just like the one my mum had... I've tried every ""new and improved"" masher on the planet without success - until now. Works quickly to mash loads of spuds without undue effort or mess. Oxo has merely added a comfortable handle and weight to the tried and tested masher.",
81007,__label__2,"Good Old Wire Potato Masher Performance Exceeded: My ancient wire potato masher finally gave up the ghost, after forty or more years of frequent use and passes through the dish washer. I am very happy with the OXO Good Grips Wire Potato Masher. It is far superior to the two plastic mashers I bought while trying to replace the old wire style. I recommend this product highly, and without reservation.",
81008,__label__2,nice: You have one great masher available when you buy this one! The grip gives you the power to mash even the hardest of potatoes.,
81009,__label__2,"One of the bet rock albums ever!: This is one of my all time favorite albums! The rhythms are crunchy, and the leads are sizzling! What more could you ask for? I wish all of her albums were availible on CD (hint, hint). And Hey! Could someone put all of her rock videos on a DVD so we could buy them?",
81010,__label__2,"critics.....bah: If you like hard rock, this is a must album. This has everything the dihard rock-en-rollest needs. The gutair, the drum..What else is there? This is Lita's best. Try it..",
81011,__label__1,"Carpenter Pencils: Very dissatisfied with the pencils. No matter how carefully I sharpen them, the lead snaps off. I gave a few to a friend and he also had the same problem. If it wasn't such a hassle and if not that I tossed out the paperwork, I would have asked for my money back.Just tough luck for me, I guess.",
81012,__label__2,"Classic Bananarama: Excellent album from the group from 1984. Keren, Siobhan, and Sarah really did a good job on this album. Some of my favorite tracks are Through a Child's Eyes, Hotline to Heaven, and The Wild Life. Bananarama is such a unique musical act, very photogenic and likeable, and talented. Bananarama is a must for anyone who likes British pop at its best.",
81013,__label__2,"Phone charger: This product was essential when we were without power for a week due to a hurricane. Only the car was available for recharging my cell phone, whenever I went out of the house.",
81014,__label__1,I bought two of these phone chargers.s: One was fine and is still working great. The other one didn't even work for one month. :(,
81015,__label__1,"Ahh, nothing much to say.: I liked the first ""so little time"" tape. In this one I barly laughed. The stories just reapeated themselves. Im not saying I dont like the twins, but the script was alittle lame this time.",
81016,__label__2,"Cool: I don't actually own this dvd, but i have seen the episodes over here and they are funny! I had never heard of the twins before but i really like the shows (and their clothes!). I dont know them or anything, but I get kinda annoyed when people say that all of their fans must have no imagination n stuff cuz it just makes them seem jelous of their success. Doesnt their success show that these episodes and movies that they've made must be pretty good and have a high rating? I just dont understand it. Anyway, peace and love!",
81017,__label__1,I'm FURIOUS!!!: Why doesn't the author just write a book about shop lifting or being a pickpocket? Being a locksmith is a time-honored profession that passes down professional skills from teacher to student. Lock picking is not a sport and should never be considered as one. If you want to be a locksmith-then go to school-but don't pick locks for fun. Books like these should be burned and the authors jailed.,
81018,__label__1,"Quite Poor: Very amateur printing and binding. Much of the information is repeated several times over verbatim... feels very much like the book was padded out to its length.The ""for computer people"" angle is a red herring. The author simply comments - repeatedly - on the similarity between exploiting flaws in locks and exploiting flaws in computer security protocols. This is never explored or elaborated upon, nor is lock picking explored from a particularly computerish angle.The information presented in the book is fairly clear, but there's very little of it. Furthermore, all of the information in the book is freely available - and better written - in several online guides.Overall, I'm quite disappointed. Not worth the money.",
81019,__label__1,"Dreadful stuff: A dreadful book. Full of mispellings, technical confusion and repetition. This book 'might' show you how to pick your first simple tumbler lock, but the MIT guide is a better bet for both newbies and seasoned lock pickers - at least the MIT guide goes into more detail about tensioning which is critical for any successful pick.Save your money on this amateur publication and download the free MIT guide.And the guy that wrote the book isn't even a lock smith!",
81020,__label__2,"Handbook: Doug Chick presents a simple howto guide on lockpicking, which is nicely in depth enough to get the hacker started. Nice book! One has to keep in mind however that there is a 'zen' that has to be attained to pick locks. If you're relaxed, you'll have fun, and see just how vulnerable you really are. A must have for geeks.",
81021,__label__1,"She's a shrew!: SC sings the ballad(?) ""Just one last dance"" with such an artificial voice that you just have to throw up listening to it.The song ""Daddy's eyes"" is about her first baby, but the lyrics are written by someone else so that proofs Sarah Connor being unprofessional.",
81022,__label__2,"Great Product: This is a good reflex hammer for any novice/experienced practitioner. It hasn't failed to elicit a neuromotor response yet, fortunately.",
81023,__label__1,Do not buy very cheap: Do not buy it is very cheap rubber and has no weight behind it. The handle edges are sharp and it is uncomfortable to hold.The metal is a cheap alloy. There are ok Chinese products and even more cheap or dangerous Chinese products. This is the latter.I just threw mine away it wasn't worth the time to send back.Learn from my lesson just spend a few extra dollars and get something better.,
81024,__label__2,Good for students: I bought this for my wife in her nursing program. She was satisfied with the quality and I was happy with the price.,
81025,__label__2,Works fine with no smear!: Nice little reflex hammer than does everything it needs to do. The black one has a black handle that looks unique and the plastic thankfully doesn't smear. Nice!,
81026,__label__1,"Cheap product: Good as a back-up but the head is flimsy cheap rubber. Poor craftsmanship. There's a fringe from the mold that is annoying. The rubber is textured, not smooth. I don't like the weight balance. It is too light.",
81027,__label__1,Very poor quality: It didn't illicit any kind of reflex ...it needs to be heavier ... also the attending asked me to bring another one ...,
81028,__label__1,"Not like the picture: It's a reflex hammer, but it's not like the picture, It is a textured rubber and the colors don't match at all.",
81029,__label__2,"Another interesting book of photos from archives: A nice compilation of generally unpublished photos from various company and other archives. This book is in a larger format, approximately magazine size, than the similar publications from Arcadia. Unfortunately, the reproduction in this Dover book is not quite as good as similar Arcadia publications. Some photos are somewhat muddy; others have been copied from company publications and the screen detracts from the picture quality. Overall, though, an enjoyable collection and worth the price. The commentary tends to be sketchy in places but is generally well researched.",
81030,__label__2,"Dennis: This is the best collection of Meade Lux Lewis that I have found and if you love Boogie Woogie piano playing, as I do, he is one of the big three piano players and I think you will enjoy this. There is also a Bluebird Sampler disc out in the marketplace that has one or two of his songs and is a very good sampler if you are just getting into this type of music.",
81031,__label__2,"Excellent function and feel!: Basically we have folks in the house who suffer from arthritisand fibromyalgia. These kitchen tools: parer and peeler workbetter than hoped! Though they don't look all that impressive, they do function swiftly and comfortably. The slightly largerthan average grip works well on fingers often subject to painwhen pressure is applied. And the sharp ends do better than mosthigh-priced kitchen tools! We love it. We are here to buy moreand pass something 'great' on to friends and family that wereally like. The price is excellent, here. We paid far moreat a major brand competitot---more for each piece than the priceof the combined here. OXO tends to sell off shelves quickly. Ihave no idea why we didn't think to look at Amazon.com.",
81032,__label__2,"getting a handle on things: There's no doubt this is one of the greatest deals in cutlery to be found anywhere. The edges are sharp enough, and the handles are exceptionally well designed for hands of all sizes and shapes. The peeler is the best I've ever used, and I even purchased a second set because we were always scrambling to get to the OXO peeler first whenever there was a big peeling job to tackle. BUT...the handle separated from the paring knife blade in the first month of ownership. Sure, a little epoxy put things right again. But even at these prices a handle should never separate from the blade. Still, this is a five star deal just for the peeler alone. The paring knife is a throw-in...handle or otherwise.",
81033,__label__1,"pretty dull: The handles, although very cushioned, are TOO fat for my hands (which admittedly are rather small). I never really got to give either piece a true test though, because the blades on the parer and the vegetable peeler were way too dull to work well. I can't really recommend either, although the parer was a little better than the peeler.",
81034,__label__1,"OK peeler, junk parer: Both of these items seem ""cheap"" and not up to OXO quality. The peeler is just passable but the parer was not only dull right out of the package, but immediately rusted and discolored. Not only that, an email to OXO regarding their ""satisfaction guarantee"" has been unanswered for over a month! Dents my faith in OXO!",
81035,__label__1,"disappointing peeler!: The paring knife has proved quite good, but I cannot find strong enough terms to express my disappointment in the peeler. I can't understand all the recommendations. It requires an undue amount of pressure to peel at all, digs chunks out of the vegetable and doesn't peel smoothly. It feels as though I've used a rather dull knife instead of a highly recommended kitchen tool. Even my small crew of teenage peelers have opted to use our old one from the grocery store. It has no curved edge to remove eyes and although the handle is very comfortable, it is otherwise useless.",
81036,__label__2,"Beautiful design...absolutely functional.: OXO has designed hand tools for those who have disabilities of the hand. Whether it is arthritis or some other ailment, if you can gently hold the tool, the tool will work for you. As a bonus, the Oxo line is stunning in its simplicity. The tools lay in your hand and you could probably use them in the dark. They had to be designed by engineers because they work and feel so good. These are the last peeler and parer you will ever need. Throw out the old flimsy peeler. These tools are dynamic, rugged, beautiful and functional. If you want to try them out, go to the kitchen store in the mall nearest you. You should be astounded by the stunning simplicity and functionality of these tools! You might want to wrap up a few in some beautiful ribbon for a holiday gift and give them to a relative or friend with arthritis. They will love you for it. Finally, the price is right. Highly, highly recommended.",
81037,__label__2,"Eye Of The Spud: You know how when you find a brand that consistently serves you well, you stick with it? That's how I feel about OXO International products. And this bargain priced set of paring knife and peeler is no exception.I especially am amazed by the peeler. The swivel action of the blades skims potato skins like fine silk, leaving you unwasted meat of the spud. And those pesky 'lil eyes? --poof, disappear with the nifty corer OXO provides. On carrots, this peeler is a dream. Perfect while making my favorite carrot cake or getting a veggie tray prepared. I've even tried it on firm tomatoes--absolutely perfect for stewing or canning.Good products from a good company. OXO's health concerns have won them awards from the Arthritic foundation. But you do not have to be hurting to enjoy these. In fact, they just feel good in your hands and work great.",
81038,__label__1,"Do not purchase this item coating wears off: Coating came off on my hands while cutting up brownies I had let cool on rack. Thought it was the rack or the aluminum foil in my baking pan. Could not understand why my hands were turning black. Would not wash off, used a scruffy, used a cleanser and the residue is still on my hands. Also, ingested some of this black, oily film when I ate a few brownies. Contacted company to find out if ingestion of this coating is poisonous. Hope it is a food grade product. Stay away from this product. Very disappointed, we have numerous OXO products in our kitchens.",
81039,__label__2,"Best paring knife and peeler: I give these as gifts regularly. I have had mine for about eight years, and the knife is still as sharp as ever.",
81040,__label__2,"Useful & Inexpensive: I really like this set. The nice is practical for everyday use. I like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers. It is much easier to hold. It is great for carrots, potatoes, chocolate for fondue, etc. This knife is great to use on just about anything. Whether it's slicing an apple or cutting a sandwich in half.",
81041,__label__1,"not for small hands: This is a fine peeler for many people - the blade is nice and sharp, and it cuts well - but the handle is so fat that it tires my hand almost immediately. Not a good grip!!!",
81042,__label__2,Great fork for cooking: This is a great fork for turning chicken or vegetables when you're cooking them. It's sharp and has an easy to hold handle. The handle is not real long so it's easy to use for simple tasks.,
81043,__label__2,"Square One keeps the club going!: Iron Bazodee is a club favorite. Togetherness is also. It makes me sad to hear it since it was my favorite for Barbados Cropover 1999. I love Alison and Lil' Rick's song, ""Crime of the Century."" I have his CD also-get it if you can find it! Jack up the World is a good one too. There's several other songs on that rhythm, one for Trinidad 2000 Carnival. So listen out!",
81044,__label__2,"Da bomb: This album is the bomb. Jack up the World is a personal favourie. Togetherness, Iron Bazodee,Crime of the Century are all boss tracks. Square One is one of the two best soca bands right now, being matched only by Machel Montana and Xtatic.They just keep producing consistently good music..rest assured if you buy any Square One CD your money is well spent.",
81045,__label__1,"GREAT FOR KARAOKE: I was really excited to see all of the hits from the 90's on 1 CD. But the 60 Greatest 90's Dance Hits was not what I expected. Once I opened and began to play it, I realized the artist are not the original artist. The songs sound horrible. Very disappointed and to boot Amazon on returned less than half of what I paid, because I opened it. I wish they would CLEARLY mark that the original singers are not on the CD. Even though I still love AMAZON, I don't think I will buy another compilation CD.",
81046,__label__1,"VERY MISLEADING: I agree with the previous review. I expected the original artists too. When it says ""Various Artists"" I take that to mean original artists like other compilation CD's. They need to revise this listing and stop misleading people.",
81047,__label__1,"TOTALLY MISLEADING - VERY DISAPPOINTED: It says Various Artists in the ad, so I expected the Original music like you'd get with a ""Now that's what I call music"" type CD. It appears all the songs are re-done by band, ""THE HIT CREW"", which it says NOWHERE in the display, and who I've never heard of.If you want to waste your money on ""THE HIT CREW"" go ahead and spend your money on this, if you want the original songs, don't bother.",
81048,__label__2,"Great, Brutal Nordic Metal: It's interesting to still see that even in modern times, bands are still writing material about Nordic gods and warlords wreaking havoc upon infidels and enemies alike. This album by Amon Amarth stands out in that it is both incredibly brutal and yet has a very strong underlying message: infidels and heathens (especially christians) should prepare for an ultimate reckoning at the hands of Odin and all his comrades. This album does not let up after you first push play, and it truly makes you wish you were on some hill in the days of old leading hordes of Nordic savages and vikings down upon those who dare to test your wrath with their devotions. On top of all this, the production is top quality. The clarity of the instruments and vocals are superb, and this album all around further enforces the fact that the Scandinavians are still leaders in phenomenal metal. I highly recommend this to anyone who's a fan of absolutely relentless, brutal metal in",he Nord
81049,__label__2,"Amon Amarth ""The Crusher"": First of all, I love the way the Amazon editors misclassify, and at times, are just flat out uninformed when it comes to the albums they review. Like calling Dimmu Borgir's album ""great death metal."" Yeah, that's a genius remark for sure. You guys need to hire somebody who actually knows what they're talking about. Now to the Amon Amarth album at hand...Unfortunately, Martin Lopez did not continue playing with Amon Amarth, his drumming is superb. That doesn't really effect the quality of Amon Amarth's music, however, as The Crusher proves to be the strongest, most aggressive album thus far. Johan Hegg relies mostly on his battle-screams, while the band concentrates on crushing, semi-melodic death metal riffs and blasts. After you buy ""Versus The World"", get The Crusher. Or better yet, order them at the same time.Standout Tracks: Annihilation Of Hammerfest, Bastards Of A Lying Breed, Masters Of War, As Long As The Raven Flies, The Sound Of Eight Ho",ves
81050,__label__2,"Amon Amarth Stay True to Their Style: I have decided Amon Amarth are not a band that will surprise very much with subsequent albums. However, if they are good at writing songs within their style and their fans like it (like me) then why not stick with what you are good at. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. The songs on the Crusher are more technical than their previous album, just like Avenger was more technical than Once Sent, and the Crusher is less hook-laden, which is not necessarily a good thing. Bastards of a Lying Breed starts this album off with pure speed and aggression. There are a few stand outs, but they will be different for everybody, because if you have heard their first two full lengths, then you have heard this album. It's just too bad the Crusher doesn't have a song as strong as Last With Pagan Blood or Friends of the Suncross. Still, this album is a good time and fun to listen to when you feel like hurting someone.",
81051,__label__1,"From a Dedicated BJ Fan: Avoid this book like the plague. I read and reread this book several times. I play at my local casino (SD,H17, DD on 10-11) 60% penetration, No insurance. I practised day and night. I raised my bets when counts were positive and believe me when I say this that the dealer one each and every time. Looks like this book was written to knockout the players instead of the dealers. My 2 bits stay away from this book and avoid doing what the authors say at all costs. Remember high cards are very likely to favor the dealer as well so dont buy the one sided logic which this book perpetuates.Good luck",
81052,__label__2,"Positive Chip Flow: Tired of losing on each trip to the big C? This book turns thetables and lets you the player gain the upper hand! It takes practice,but I've seen a lot of systems, and this one's the easiest. Highly recommended.",
81053,__label__2,"Great Blackjack tutor: This is a gereat book - gives helpful hints on how to play (and win) blackjack. Even if you decide not to count cards, this book is helpful with ""rules"" on playing the game effectively.",
81054,__label__2,Advantage: I really loved this book. It's a very easy system to learn and apply. As far as how effective it is. I have to say I expect to win every time I sit at a blackjack table with decent rules.,
81055,__label__2,"Great book: This ia a great book for people looking to enhance their blackjack game. It teaches you the basics of counting, but more importantly it teaches you statistics and good pointers for play.",
81056,__label__2,"A Classic western!: Two momentous things happened to Lee Purdy, dreamer and owner of a ranch in New Mexico called The Enchanted Hill. Bud Shannon, a total stranger, took a long shot at him with a rifle and later at a desert railroad stop, Lee met the loveliest woman he had ever laid eyes on. With the aid of a quick brain and an iron nerve, he managed to escape Bud, but his heart was no match for the woman Gail Ormsby!",
81057,__label__2,"An Indictment of Japan's Prewar Nihilism: Endo creates a haunting portrait of characters caught up in the vivisection of an American prisoner of war during the latter days of the Pacific War and their reactions to their crime. Through the separate narrations of each character, we see how the nihilism that swept Japan's prewar intelligentsia prepared each character for his or her role in the vivisection. Evocative of the understatement in Camus's ""The Stranger,"" Endo's characters relate their stories in straight line, cinematic narrations which reveal the desensitivity to life and suffering that Japan's prewar society had conditioned them to, and in doing so Endo offers readers a sober warning of the dangers of living in a moral vacuum.",
81058,__label__2,"A horror story about the ""Culture of Death"": When the sanctity of life is not honored, no one is safe, as the characters keep saying -- ""Today everybody's on the way out. ... What's the point,then, of pitying ... ."" As Endo implies, everybody is ALWAYS on some point of the continuum from birth to death so we are all in jeopardy when the Modernist utilitarian philosophy is applied. It is only a matter of changing the definition of who is no longer ""qualified"" to live. People steeped in such a system have no defense, no final moral keep or fortress from which to defy a system based on such principles and say ""No."" All social interaction and politics becomes mere maneuvering to control the decision-making machinery to avoid being politcally or legally ""defined"" out of humanity. After reading Gitta Sereny's ""Into That Darkness (a biography of Treblinka Commandant Franz Stangl), Endo's fiction rings out as basic human truth.",
81059,__label__2,"War - what is it good for?: This short, dark, psychologically gripping novel is an indictment of militarism and its corrupting effect on the individual and society. The old, the young, the innocent, the pure of heart, caregivers, families, traditions, institutions - all will be degraded if not destroyed by it. It is, for me, Endo's most important and accessible work; it is also that rare thing, a Japanese artist's unsparing summation of the worthlessness and hideousness of The Fifteen Year War.",
81060,__label__1,"THE WORST SONG TO COME OUT OF SPAIN YET...: I HAD TO LISTEN TO THIS NASTY LITTLE SONG ALL SUMMER LONG. I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE ARE ACTUALLY BUYING THIS MUSIC. IT IS AWFUL! TOTALMENTE INSOPORTABLE E HORROSO! SUPPOSEDLY IT WAS BASED ON RAPPER'S DELIGHT- AT LEAST YOU CAN UNDERSTAND WHAT SUGARHILL GANG IS SAYING - I SPEAK SPANISH FLUENTLY, AND THIS IS A NO NONSENSE, BAD FLAMENCO-POP VERSION - YUCK. IF YOU WANT GOOD MUSIC FROM SPAIN, I RECOMMEND CARLOS MAGIC JEAN ""BACK TO THE EARTH"" (THE DABADA SONG - IT'S MUCH BETTER, BELIEVE ME), OR DAVID CIVERA. CHECK THESE PEOPLE OUT.",
81061,__label__2,"The VPN book I wish I'd written: I moderate the Virtual Private Networks mailing list on SecurityFocus. There aren't very many good books on VPNs, and those that are reasonable tend to be more focused on protocols and specifications, and less on how to get the darn things up and running. Oleg and Brian lay out the different choices in terms of technical architectures, helping the readers pick which solution is best for their needs. They provide great info on getting things up and working -- lots of examples -- and hurrah, lots of tips for troubleshooting. If you have to deploy a VPN and you want to do it quickly, inexpensively and securely, BUY THIS BOOK.",
81062,__label__1,I am so disapointed: I don't know what is hapening with this people...I buy this book based in that reviews (all 5 stars) and when I open the book I am totaly disapointed. About the book: The examples is not complete and the text is confused. I do not recomend.,
81063,__label__2,Patchouli soap: Very nice soap with a good lather. Would be better if it was a little stronger or something to sweeten the aroma. Over all I really like this soap.,
81064,__label__1,Not that great: The soap is not a very good lathering soap and after a while it seems to have lost its smell,
81065,__label__2,I love it: it is very elegant and made my Christmas table look very festive. I am most pleased with the selection. It also washed up very nicely,
81066,__label__2,"Lenox Butterfly Meadow 60-inch by 102-inch Oblong / Rectangle...: This table cloth is beautiful, we just moved to the country and it looks great on our formal dining room table. I make sure I remove it before we eat. I do not want it to get stained. It is a wonderful gift to give anyone.",
81067,__label__1,Shape: The ad said oblong not oblong/rectangular so I was not happy.I wonted oblong. I will make it work somehow.,
81068,__label__2,"Absolutely beautiful, a great value: Bought these to replace the holiday tablecloths I purchased elsewhere that were only half their original size when removed from the dryer. These are easy to launder, look great, and really do sell for much more elsewhere.",
81069,__label__1,please send what I ordered: This is the 2nd time I have tried to order the regular 60x104 inch tablecloth. They keep sending me the 60x104 inch OBLONG tablecloth.Can someone tell me how to actually get what I ordered????,
81070,__label__1,"Opinion of the product: Never receipt neither the order, nor the tablecloth nor the napkins. Very irresponsible the sr, blaming me to my of having misled the package. I demand my complete return of my money!!",
81071,__label__2,Beautiful!: Beautiful table cloth. I ordered the 70 inch round cloth just to decorate a small table. This table cloth would go with most table top Christmas decor. The red is not bright as someone mentioned in another review. Beautiful nonetheless!,
81072,__label__2,Excellent: This product was of high quality and even nicer then I expected. Would highly recommend it to anyone.,
81073,__label__2,"Lovely but gold colors wear off.: This was our second Lenox tablecloth with this design. It is a beautiful tablecloth for A Christmas Dinner setting. However, I found that the luster in the gold ribbon design wore off after just one laundering. It has faded to a dull brown. The tablecloth was laundered according to instructions including air drying instead of using an electric dryer.",
81074,__label__2,A beautiful table setting for the holidays.: The tablecloth fit beautifully. Napkins are a great size. Good quality and easy to clean. Many complements from family and guests.,
81075,__label__1,"Disappointed: I thought that the quality was very poor with many flaws in the material; also, not a true oval shape-corners are rounded, but ends are straight and not rounded; should have returned, but didn't take the time",
81076,__label__2,"Super Nice: I just had to have this & it was worth the buy! Still going strong, love it! will buy again if need to.",
81077,__label__1,"Lenox 70"" round tablecloth: I am disappointed with this beautiful tablecloth because it has so much polyester in it that it slides all over the table! When I ordered it the price was right and it is very beautiful. It washes out nicely and does not need ironing but with big kids around (my husband) it is just too slippery!",
81078,__label__2,Lenox Christmas tablecoth: The tablecloth is beautiful and looks so nice on my table. Also ordered the table runner and isequally as nice. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a festive table.,
81079,__label__2,pretty tablecloth: I bought this for Easter dinner and it was beautiful. It washes well and doesn't need ironing. I t is a good choice.,
81080,__label__2,made my table fabulous: this hit the spot for my Christmas party the table looked so festive and beautiful. The night got a little crazy and some knocked over a full glass of wine. I trusted the product so I let it sit on the table for a couple of hours then after my dinner party left i sprayed shout on it and let it soak overnight and I washed right out. Looks great,
81081,__label__2,"Lovely lovely lovely: At first I was keeping this for good, but it washes up so nice and looks so fresh and inviting on the table, I use it a lot. Stains (wine and spaghetti sauce) have come out in the wash with no problem, so even with the grandkids, I don't put it away!",
81082,__label__2,It's a tablecloth.: Looks great for the Christmas season....Good quality.....Does what it is supposed to do cover the table and look good.Hmmm I guess that's it.,
81083,__label__2,Beautiful!: Looked beautiful for all my holiday entertaining! I put it on my glass top round table and what a change it made.....very festive!,
81084,__label__2,"Rocked out slide guitar from Ex-Revelators Schooley: I saw them live and John Schooley blew me away with his slide guitars riffs, ranging from rocked out blues to sped up garage rock. Hating to compare, but this is in the same vien as his former band the Revelators, and has that Oblivians,White Stripes, and even Jon Spencer (but much cooler) kind of sound. So if you are into blues, slide guitar, punk and garage, you will most likely dig this great addition on Sympathy.",
81085,__label__2,"Excellent and Inspiring: I first read this book when it was new some 16 years ago; since then I've probably read it another four or five times and each time is as good as the last. More than just a story of playing good football, it's about showing kids that there is a different and better way of living than they may see in their everyday life. Coach Shannon couldn't turn every kid he encountered into model citizens; but the vast majority were better for having known and played for him. The book truly gets that point across.",
81086,__label__1,"50% live: My issue with this is that just like Europe '72, it's been polished up post-production. There are over-dubbed harmonies, studio mastered mixing and the careful removal of mess-ups. Just listen the version of 'Wharf Rat' (my favorite Dead song ever). There are layered tracks of Jerry's voice singing perfect harmonies. What made the Dead great was that they were far from perfect (not including most performances the year 1977) and their imperfections made them one of the last honest and improvisational rock bands out there. If you want real live Dead, stick to Dick's Picks and other new live releases.",
81087,__label__2,"Skull & Roses: What can I say, one the BEST Dead albums ever! Great selection of live DEAD and sounds as great today as it did back when I first heard it on vinyl. LOVE it.",
81088,__label__2,Blind & Dirty: I bought this album(yes I said and meant album) used for $4 when I was 16 in 1985.This version of Wharf Rat is unparalleled and it alone is worth $11.Otherwise great live Dead. Fight thru the Bob Weir songs just like the rest of us.,
81089,__label__2,"Excellent musical: A brilliant musical, and a fantastic experiance for anyone who watches or listens to it.",
81090,__label__2,Wow amazing guy!: This is now one of my all time favorite cds! This guy and all the other amazing musicians will knock your socks off.If you want inspiration for accoustical guitar playing-you just found it! its right here on this CD!,
81091,__label__1,"Ritec dvd rw: First time using this brand. 4 stars only because I havent used them all. 5 stars so far.Love burning at higher speeds.DON"" BUY:: After using these for a few weeks I am saying DON'T BUY. Works a few times then; won't record, won't erase, won't recognize burner and player, won't reformat. Used other burners and players. These have been garbage. Would be cheaper to use regular dvd's. One more time, DONT BUY.",
81092,__label__1,"Stick with a scoop: Although it's easy to dig into ice cream with this spade, the result is more like a slab of ice cream than a scoop. Overall, a traditional ice cream scoop is easier to use. I would suggest the OXO Good Grips nonstick ice cream scoop instead.",
81093,__label__2,"Surprisingly Good Movie: I had decided to rent this film after seeing two recent Val Kilmer movies ""Mindhunters"" and ""Kiss, Kiss, Bang, Bang"" last year. Both movies were really good, so had decided to rent this movie as it seemed that Val Kilmer had really matured as an actor since his early days in movies like ""Real Genius"" and ""Top Gun"".Kilmer plays trumpet player Danny Parker, who's wife has been murdered. Danny Parker takes matters into his own hands & goes undercover in attempts to find revenge/justice for his murdered wife. In the process, Danny Parker becomes a drug addict himself and immerses himself in the drug culture underworld. Slowly working his way to finding out who killed his beloved wife.",
81094,__label__2,"Great dvd: No scratches runs great good movie if you have never seen it you really should.. If you like fear and loathing, or spun, or go you will like this..",
81095,__label__2,Salton Rocks: A MUST SEE MOVIE! Right up there with Pulp Fiction. This is some of Val Kilmer's best work & an awsome movie. We went to the screening for this movie years ago & have trouble finding it to purchase.,
81096,__label__1,"just avoid it!: JUST HOW AMAZING THAT VAL KILMER CAN ALWAYS FINDS HIS WAY INTO LOUSY MOVIES,NOW HE DOES IT AGAIN!",
81097,__label__1,"Didn't like the film: I could not recommend this film. It glamorizes the life of a ""tweaker"". The acting is very good, but the subject matter is depressing.",
81098,__label__2,"KILMER IS BACK ON TRACK!!: As long as Kilmer is able to hold his head in its place and sustain the momentum generated by this great movie, maybe his career will go back on track!!!His acting here is magnanimous, the movie is very well crafted (altough utterly violent.It is one of those movies that you would not bet a dollar about its quality, but you end up totally surprised.",
81099,__label__2,"Ignore everyone that says this movie is bad: This movie is one of the best I have ever seen in my life. This movie takes some thought to get what it's about, because some people don't really get it at first. But believe me, it's worth the thought. This movie isn't another Memento either, despite what people will tell you. It is nothing like Memento, other than the fact that it has to do with a guy who's wife is dead and he wants to find out who the killers were. See it, and then after you see it, see it again. It gets better everytime you watch it. Oh, one more thing, for those of you who think he's a meth head, watch the movie again and pay attention this time. Enjoy!",
81100,__label__1,"Ack.: When I first read a review about The Salton Sea, I couldn't wait to see it. I was disapointed when I head the movie had been dropped from numerous theatres after only a few short weeks. Now I know why. This movie could've been so much better. Kilmer is a bore as usual. Uninteresting characters, and the usual, ""widowed husband seeks revenge"" plotline make this film one of the worst of 2002. How anyone could take an interesting plot subject such as meth cookers, and the underground methadone trade, and make it completely dull and boring is beyond me. The only reason I gave The Salton Sea two stars instead of one,is because of D'Onofrios' performance as a noseless meth dealer. Which, as far as D'Onfrio performances go, was lackluster at best.",
81101,__label__2,"My boys: Two of my former employees are now writing films. The first was Joe Gayton for UNCOMMON VALOR. Now his brother Tony had the Salton Sea and Murder by Numbers. They worked for The Hollywood Star newspaper, filling the newsracks in Hollywood as they attended USC studying film. Both are ambitious and have become quite successful. Makes me feel good about them.",
81102,__label__2,"If you like Philip K. Dick, you might like this.: This movie very much reminds me of 'A Scanner Darkly.' It's a unique idea executed pretty well. I think the acting is quite good. To me it's has a similar feel to 'Memento,' and this is the better film.",
81103,__label__2,Good movie!: My husband saw part of this movie on tv some time ago and asked if I could find it somewhere online because our local movie store couldn't get it. It was a pretty good movie. It deals with a drug dealer/user/under cover and it was pretty good.,
81104,__label__2,Val Kilmer's best movie: This is in my top drug movies. If you like Spun or Requiem for a Dream you will probably like this movie. Val Kilmer gives his best performance as an undercover narc.,
81105,__label__1,never got the movie!: NEVER ORDER FROM THESE PEOPLE! I NEVER GOT THE MOVIE OR EVEN AN EMAIL BACK WHEN I AS ASKING WHY,
81106,__label__1,"Salton Sea: All Wet: Equal parts ""Pulp Fiction"" and ""Memento"", ""The Salton Sea"" only reminds us of how artfully assembled those two films are. Val Kilmer does a fairly good job as a mysterious crystal meth addict with an agenda. But his charisma alone doesn't illuminate the character. And neither does this clumsy, stumbling screenplay, nor the film's beautifully shot images. Oh, and though Vincent D'Onofrio (one of my favorite actors) doesn't actually give a bad performance, he comes so close, it's almost painful to watch. Verdit: A half-hearted film noir pastiche.",
81107,__label__1,"um.. what a waste.: don't waste your time and money on this film. val kilmer made this film sound like it was the only film worth watching this year. i'll just say you're not missing anything. what was a good story line was turned into mediocre ... it was even fragmented, ... bad directing, ... [the lead actor] was trying too hard to be something he wasn't. he isn't made for a role like this. ... ...",
81108,__label__1,"Coming soon to a video store near you...: I was astonished to see the high marks and strong reviews for this movie. It gets a single star because there is nothing lower offered. Pulp Fiction & Memento? I don't see the connection. This was a slow and tedious movie to watch. Several of the plot lines were inane and this was a struggle to sit through. It was obvious the movie tried too hard to be cool - Sexy Beast, Snatch et al are much better movies. I wouldn't waste your time (or money) to see this (even at the $ movie).",
81109,__label__1,"Film School Garbage: This movie was garbage. It was a pile of 'cool' camera shots, and 'cool' ideas for a film that were shoved into a plot. The best way to describe a movie like this is, ""I know let's throw a narrator in half way through the film!"" Ideas such as this is how I viewed the 'art' of this waste of celluloid.Brilliant.' let's take all the great ideas we have seen in film and want to do and use them all up on one first time film."" Fantastic.Rent this movie, don't buy it yet.try to watch the whole thing to see for yourself the mass quantaties of 'art' that was put into this film.",
81110,__label__1,"WORST MOVIE: This movie is horrible. It's sloppy. The only good thing about this movie is that it looks good. Thats all. The movie tries to make the characters interesting, but they're actually quite boring. This movie is dark, but not edgy. It doesnt come close to pulp fiction so dont believe any reviews you read that say's it does. If you want something dark,and edgy then check out Requim For A Dream.",
81111,__label__2,"It's a Great Unknown!!: To most people, this movie isnt well known. I bought it at Walmart years ago and still love it. I have let several friends borrow it and never got a bad review yet. Its the type of Val Kilmer movie we all love. Rent this movie!",
81112,__label__2,"Very good movie: Val Kilmer is a very good actor. Watching him from teenager to an adult is kind of a good experience too for me. He should become more active before he becomes too old for something good for him. I actually like all the movies he's played a role in. This movie is a very good noir except his trumpet playing looks quite false. But all in all, this is a very good movie, although you won't be moved or touched too deeply or even shed a drop of tear for the guy he played and the whole story.",
81113,__label__2,"A bizzar trip of a person seeking closure&absoloution: This is one of my favorite Val Kilmer flims.Like I said, throughout this film it is a bizzar journey of speed addic Danny Parker.On the outside Danny Parker is a speed addic,but internally,his personality and life experiences unfold in layers like an onion.Some people watching this movie won't like it,or understand it.They will tend to focus on the obvious main points,and miss everything else.This film is about more than speed,and about much more than your average revenge flic.The story and characters throughout the film are richly portrayed, you can't help but get ""sucked in"".This movie is about closure,about moving on to a new life and putting your demons behind you.You will enjoy the journey this film takes you on,and in the end you will have a feeling of euphoria wondering if what thought you saw,is what you saw,and want to watch it again.",
81114,__label__1,"Great compilation, but...: I have to say the production quality is terrible. My high school mixed tapes were cleaner and higher fidelity than this album. During the song Lost In Motion - one of the more tranquil, moody tracks - there's a HUGE pop that totally ruins the mood of the song. You'd think if you were going to spend the time and money producing an album, you'd either get better vinyl, or fix the screw-ups in post. And I'm not just talking dust on a record, this is a huge pop like somebody put a fork to the record and plugged it into a high voltage outlet. Not what I expect from a professionally produced trance CD.Other than that, great compilation.",
81115,__label__2,"oh boy, the defining compilation to this genre: This has it all, sweet melodies, banging bass, euphoric vocals, seamless mixing, otherworldly tracklisting. I only wish i had this cd earlier. Ferry did a perfect job on this one. Do not wait. Buy this album, I promise, you will not be disappointed. Favorte track: alibi(thrillseekers remix)",
81116,__label__2,"Great Melodic, Uplifting Trance mix: Another great mix from Ferry Corsten who never dissapoints. This is good from beginning to end that will keep everybody on the dance floor.My fave tracks are..OCEANLAB FEAT.JUSTINE SUISSA-""Clear blue water""TRANQUILITY BASS-""Razorfish""LANGE FEAT.SKYE-""drifting""EON-""Pocket Damage""",
81117,__label__1,"a good example of how bad trance can be: Trance is way too broad of a term. People tend to call everything trance these days. So while I am browsing through ""trance"" singles trying to find some fresh tunes, I often come upon very bad music. This music is uninspired, overly-repetitive, migraine-inducing, and generally low quality. It gives trance a bad name. A bizarre region of glow-stick wearing ""trance-addicts"" are the only reason this music hasn't gone the way of the dinosaur. People like Ferry Corsten. Ugh. If you're looking for music that sounds ANYTHING like Sasha, Digweed, Oakenfold, or any other big name ""trance"" dj, you won't find it here. Skip this one.",
81118,__label__1,"Laminated computer print out: This is really nothing more than a laminated computer print out, using legal sized paper. Hardly a poster, save yourself some money and make it yourself at Kinkos or something. Also, some or the exercises are miscategorized.",
81119,__label__1,"This Isn't the Miles You Want: By this point in his career, Davis was just mailing it in. The caliber of the musicianship is par excellence as always. The quality of the songs is what makes this CD a bore. Either Miles just didn't care any longer or he was totally burnt. Take your pick. Either way, these songs are unimaginative, repetitive and say absolutely nothing. Davis was no longer a musical trailblazer but a trend follower.",
81120,__label__2,"We want MORE Miles: At first listen, I thought the album title was kind of a joke, or actually a literal request seeing as how Miles really doesn't play a lot on this album. However, Miles really knew WHEN to play, and when he does, he always hits the right notes. We want MILES! But we get Mike Stern, with amazing progressive guitar solos that really dominate the album.This is fusion all the way, and as others have said, you could buy this album just for Marcus Miller's stellar bass playing, but you could also buy this for some insane guitar work from Stern. Of course, Miles is great, and so is Minu Cinelu on the percussion. Different from most of Miles' catalog, but great music!",
81121,__label__2,"Funk driven, open improv: I am not a fan of golden-age jazz, and the Miles I love is the Miles of Bitches Brew, and not Kind of Blue. We Want Miles is far from traditional jazz, and is really funk-driven, with wonderful energy and riffs, and Jean Pierre as a recurring theme. This tour is usually considered as part of Miles' cocaine period, and I believe that in the vast majority of cases cocaine utterly ruins the spirit of vituoso music. But with the funk basis, somehow the music not only works, it excells. Sparse funky bass riffs with Miles's careening improvisations are beautifully complementary. This remains one of my five favorite Miles albums of all time. I highly recommend it.",
81122,__label__2,"Conclusion of the cliffhanger at the end of ""Ship of the Line"": ""Ship of the Line"" ended in a cliffhanger and this novel finishes the story. This turned out to be one of my favorite Hornblower novels. It mostly takes place in Spain and France, but we get to know a lot more about Hornblower and Bush as they struggle with captivity. We find that Hornblower struggles with guilt feelings and is ashamed of some of his feelings and actions. He is clearly human. The book did end up with some good action, and had a poignant, but satisfying conclusion.I heartily recommend this book, but it should be read with ""Ship of the Line"" since this is the conclusion of a cliffhanger.",
81123,__label__2,flying colours: I bought this book as a gift for my dad. It arrived in less time than it would have taken me to go out to the book store! GREAT!,
81124,__label__2,"One of my favorite Hornblowers!: In my project of reading the HH books chronologically (according to Hornblower's age), I confess I bogged down in BEAT TO QUARTERS because it was too much Lady Barbara Lady Barbara Lady Barbara and Hornblower ragging (mentally) on poor, fat, blowsy, adoring wife Maria. Ugh. Thankfully, after a long hiatus, I picked up again with FLYING COLOURS. What a wonderful book! One of my favorite in the series, it chronicles Hornblower's adventures after losing the Sutherland and having to escape from France, where he is slated for execution. (And if you were one of those who enjoyed HH mooning after Lady Barbara and dissing his wife, there's more of that in this book. Whatever. I'm over it.)Love this series. On to the next!",
81125,__label__2,"Perhaps the best Hornblower book: My favorite of the Hornblower series. Both a good look at the character development of Hornblower and Bush, and a great sea yarn. As with many other reviewers of this series, I have been through it several times. First read Hornblower as the 3-volume single book ""Captain Horatio Hornblower"" in high school. It includes Beat to Quarters, Ship of the Line and Flying Colours, and I suggest that new readers start with these 3 and then go back to Midshipman Hornblower and read the rest of the series in chronological order. These are great books for action and sea lore, but also interesting for the introspection into the psychology of warrors and conduct in battle.",
81126,__label__2,"The Hornblower Saga is worth reading: The first book of the Hornblower Saga was given to me as a birthday present at my 13th birthday. I read it time and time again. Both my sons did the same. Unfortunately at that time only the first book was translated into Hebrew and my English was not well enough to read the follow on episodes in the original laguage. Now, at 65 I found it very educating to pick up the missed books and learn about the atmosphere during the Napoleonic wars. For me it is very ""refreshing"" to read Hornblower's adventures in between my biographys and history books I usually read.",
81127,__label__2,"grapefruit knife: I enjoy grapefruit on a regular basis and find this knife to be an efficient, handy tool. It does the job along with the grapefruit spoons I ordered. I recommend this item without hesitation. The delivery was prompt and everything was safely packaged.",
81128,__label__2,"Brilliant Book...: I found this at my school's library and was intrigued by the cover, which I think gives a little peek at what's to come. It's a wonderful story with a little fairy tale flair, with lessons and morals we still value today. I'm 15, and I thought that this was a good book for teens, but I would caution younger readers for the rape and violence that occours in this book. Besides that, this proves to be a fasinating and wonderful read. I plan to read more novels by this very talented and ""reading pleasing"" author. Please read this book again and again!",
81129,__label__1,"unrealistic: This book has an interesting plot, but did not live up to my expectations. The main charachter, Marnie is not very likeable. She regards herself as superior to Raven, this does not give off the message that she loves him,but rather that she feels sorry for him and is being kind to him out of pity. I find this kind of unbalanced rlationship to be extremly irritating.",
81130,__label__1,How sad that young adult literature is now on par with trash: To say I was diassapointed with this book is an understatement. It had real potential but instead chose to be a salacious story with no moral value at all. Girl is in an arranged marriage. Sex is a awful. Meets deaf boy. Sex is wonderful. The end.,
81131,__label__2,My favorite book: This book is brilliant. I reccomend it to anyone who really enjoys a great story. It is about a young girl living in medevil times who meets a strange boy named raver by the village he lives in.It's different but still classical.,
81132,__label__2,"Truely Astounding: I loved it! Jordan intrigued me with her words, and made everything seem so perfectly real to me. I loved the romance in it- Raven was so gentle and serene-- I only wished that they would've waited one more day to make love. Otherwise it was one of the mostest bestest greatest book I've ever read!!!",
81133,__label__2,"An overall good book: The Raging Quiet is an uplifting tale that has strong characterizations and a interesting plot. The book follows the tale of a young teenage girl named Marnie who has been brought to the town of Tocurra against her will through a marriage that she isn't all to happy about either. She is then put through many hardships with only the priest and fellow outcast Raver/Raven. This book is very well written and enjoyable. The characters seem real and have their flaws as well as their strengths. The villan is completly dispicable and the townspeople are simply infuriating.Even though this book is wonderful, it does have it's week points. Sometimes, things just get so bad for Marnie it seems exaggerated. That or she just seems to have incredibally bad luck.Overall though, this book in incredibly entertaining and a good book to pick up when you are looking for a good read.",
81134,__label__2,the best book i ever read: this is one the most moving stories i have ever read.the relationship between Marnie and Raven is timeless.the are some parts where you cringe at some of the stupid and unknowing stuff Raven does but it just adds to the sure enjoyment of the book.at some points you are in tears when you read about the harsh ways the village people treat marnie and Raven.But you know the priest will always be there for them.A surpurb book and i highly recommend it.,
81135,__label__2,"one of my favorites!: I liked this book a lot. I found it facsinating how Marnie came up with a whole bunch of hand signals to communacate with a deaf boy, Raven. Her determination and frustration with him make the book seem even more real. Even though it's fiction, the witchcraft trial and other basic things from life in this time era keep the reader interested while teaching them some new things at the same time. I would suggest this book to anyone who is interested in deafness, witchcraft, and tales of determination and the struggle some people went through in life during this very strict time.",
81136,__label__1,"Teen Girls Beware: This book may be fine writing and may have great characters, but I was disappointed to find that in the first few pages, we see a young girl basically experiencing rape at the hands of her new ""husband"". My daughter is 12 years old, and perhaps the author thinks that 12 year olds are ready for this type of writing. The writing was explicit enough that it made my daughter uncomfortable. Parents, please pre-read this book to make sure that it is appropriate for your teen daughter.",
81137,__label__2,"Castles: Colin and Alesandra were great together from the beginning. I enjoyed Colin's disregard for propriety and Alesandra's little schemes that were always meant to help someone whether they wanted it or not. Again I thought the mystery portion of this story was a little predictable, but not overly so. Other than a brief mention of Lyon, he and his wife Christina were absent from this book, but all of the other couples from this series were included in this story. I appreciated the chance for an update on all of them. This is a wonderful series and highly recommended!",
81138,__label__1,"Horrible writing - skip this one!: For a novel presumably set in 1820, Garwood sure uses a lot of phrases that weren't used until 1920 - like ""yeah"" and ""sexy."" Regency gentlemen don't think someone is ""sexy."" Reading that just jars me entirely out of the story. Also, how about how he has her sit on his lap in front of visitors? Please, they would barely touch in company. Garwood obviously knows nothing about the period - and it shows. This is just terribly written. Skip and read something by Joanna Bourne or Loretta Chase!",
81139,__label__1,"So bland, I couldnt even finish it.....: I have read a lot of Julie Garwood's work, and for the longest time she was on my list of favorite authors. Im sorry to say that that is no longer the case. Lately every book that I have read by Ms. Garwood has been mediocre at best. ""Castles"" was just awful..I actually liked Colin , but Alesandra was just a whiny, childish wimp. I normally force myself to never let a book go unfinished, but this one just wasnt worth the effort. I'm sorry to say that I think my days of Garwood are over.",
81140,__label__2,Excellent Romance!: I loved this book! I read the whole thing from page to page without one minute of boredom. Some books i find myself skipping paragraphs but not this one! The love that grew between Colin and Alesandra was well written and I loved how she molded her characters...this is my first book that i have read from Garwood - I plan on reading alot more! :),
81141,__label__2,"Another great novel from Garwood: I have read all of Garwood's books, and like the others this one is also magnificent. The story, the characters, and how she flows the story of this book from Guardian Angel and The Gift was terrific. Everything just comes together(From all 3 novels). Nothing is confusing. I recommend this book to all readers. All of Garwood's books deserve 10 stars and more.",
81142,__label__2,"I loved it. Julie Garwood is the best.: The characters were charming. Julie Garwood is at her best. The 3 books in the series are great a must read. The women are all so different and seem to fit within that time period, when a woman had to keep her brains a secret. Julie please write more books about the ton.",
81143,__label__2,"A Great Book!: Everyone just mentions two other books with this one, ""Guardian Angel"" and ""The Prize"" but even before those two, ""Lyons Lady"" is a MUST read. It all ties in more beautifully then.",
81144,__label__2,"My Favorite Book: This is probably my favorite Julie Garwood book. It is the 3rd book of a series. The first book, Guardian Angel, is about Colin's brother Caine. The second book, The Gift, about Colin's partner Nathan. But this book surpasses both of them. Colin is afraid to love Alessandra because he feels he is not good enough for her because she is a princess. He marries her out of family obligation and because there is a cruel man after Alessandra's title and fortune. Only after he almost loses her, does he realize how much he loves her and how deserving he is of her love. You will read this book over and over. It is definitely a keeper.",
81145,__label__1,"quite poorly written, and not very interesting: This is the first Julie Garwood book I have ever read and I must say that I was quite appalled. The writing itself was not very good at all. Often the words were clumsily thrown together as though with no thought at all. There was extreme word overuse. The story was even worse. It is so unrealistic and unconvincing that the whole plot, or what could possibly be called a plot, is dull in the extreme. Alesandra is made out to be a rich, bumbling dullard while Colin is the suave and intelligent one who laughs at her mistakes. It makes me sick, because this is basically all the book is about. I do not recommend this as any sort of reading material, serious or just for fun.",
81146,__label__1,"No strong leading lady: Being a big fan of Julie Garwood and having read Lyon's Lady and Guardian Angel I looked forward to reading about Colin. I was extremely disappointed. Whereas the female characters in the previous two novels, Jade and Christina were very strong and interesting - challenging the respective heros in the novels, Alesandra was rather weak and suffered from a rather nondescript personality. After the promising beginning showing her as a problem to the convent, I expected a bit of non conformity from her, but instead was given a non descript not fully realized, rather weak individual. I'm still a Garwood fan, but couldn't even finish Castles.",
81147,__label__1,"Worst novel...: Absolutely hated this novel! I have read many good novels from Johanna Lindsley, Judith McNaught and Jude Deveraux. They all write with such grace that reading this made me feel like it was a novel I should have been reading as a teen. The whole book lacked description and feeling. Julie didn't quite bring you into the story because of the lack of these things. I can only hope for her sack that her other books are written better than this one.",
81148,__label__2,Castles (Crown's Spies): It was a bit mysterious at first but then it became a love story and also a who done it! Liked it a lot.,
81149,__label__2,"Nothing gets by this man...: I had to smile as I read this book, because Colin (our hero) was a little ""too"" perfect. However, the plot made me forget this, and I realized his pigheadedness was indeed his flaw. I loved Alesandra, and the way she managed to organize her life, despite the men in it. The author kept one engaged and although I guessed who the bad guy was, I still wanted to read the story and see how it unfolded. It's a good read, and I'd like to read the rest of the series!",
81150,__label__2,"Wonderfully warm story: The fourth book in the series tells the wonderfully warm story of Caine's brother Colin and Princess Alesandra. Although not my favorite book in the series (Lion's Lady is my favorite followed by The Gift) I still couldn't put it down.Though this book CAN be read on it's own, I do recommend that you read the other three before you delve into this one as characters mentioned in Castles are revisted from the previous books.",
81151,__label__1,"Not the best: I was very disappointed by this novel. If I'd read it alone, maybe I would have liked it. But I read it as a continuation of the series. I was very upset that Nathan does not make an appearance until the end of the novel. I was also disturbed by the physical changes Garwood made in the other characters from previous novels. To me, it just isn't a sequel. Colin did not seem like himself. Even when viewing the book separate from the rest, the character of Alesandra is not fully fleshed out. Nor is the story believable. I didn't buy their romance for a minute. I can only recall a few memorable moments from this novel--one touching, one funny. This is definitely a novel to borrow but not to buy.",
81152,__label__1,"disappointed: I am a guitar player and a fan of good guitar music. If you are hooked on good guitar, don't get this album. It is really bad. The singing is whiny and the guitar playing is uninspired and uninspiring. The compositions are mediocre. If there is good Ritchie Kotzen out there it is not this one. I heard Ritchie on a compilation album called Guitar On The Edge which is an overall great compilation. (There are three volumes). I am just plain disappointed.",
81153,__label__2,"Murs Cleanest Effort: One of the my favorite records so far this decade. Murs comes with numerous styles, and the 10 + producers who appear (Belieif, El-P, Ant, RJD2) accompany his veteran rhymes great. A tight release from end to end.",
81154,__label__2,"Great album: If you want more info, pics, or music on MURS go to my site here, http://groups.yahoo.com/group/murs_emcee/MURS of def jux",
81155,__label__1,"I don't know why everyone likes this so much...: Honestly everyone calls this album refreshing but I just don't see it. Maybe the everyday topics make this album extremely relatable to some people, and I hear that, but honestly the only thing worthwhile on this album is the production. He can't ride the beats and his rhymes and wordplay aren't clever at all. In the end, I don't care about any of the things MURS raps about on this album.I'm glad he's doing his thing but this album is not that nice.",
81156,__label__2,"Swooning and sighing over these, this book is a must!: Relationships. Who wouldn't want to try to understand a whole lot more about the opposite sex, either through through dating, marriage, divorce and yes, just plain sexual parody pictures that this funny collection is full of. I think this should be a mandatory gift to any couple tying the knot, they would maybe then try to see and learn what the other one is thinking a whole lot better. Get this book!",
81157,__label__2,"Nice Knife: I give this knife 5 stars. Over the years I've purchased this knife about four times. I'm kinda scared of knives and this is one that is very comfortable in the hand. The handle is rubberized hence the name ""good grips."" As I stated before I've bought this one over and over and will probably purchase a longer one in the ""Good Grips"" product line. I 've used it to cut onions, make chicken strips, slice meatloaf. If you need a good all-round knife this is it.",
81158,__label__2,Useful.: I reviewed this before but now I have bought three of them because they are so nice in the hand. My daughter in law coveted mine so she gets the third as a Christmas present (not the only one!),
81159,__label__2,"love the good grips: I love all the good grips products, I got this for my mom, who has athritis, and its great for her!",
81160,__label__2,"great knife: this is one of the most fantastic products for cooks suffering from arthritis or not. Easy handling, very ergonomic. Have bought this for all my European friends who are all enthused",
81161,__label__2,"A Very Good Knife: This has become my very favorite utility knife in the very short time I've owned it. It's a sort of long parer, but it works. It's least good as a bread knife, but performed rather well. Many people will find it quite useful.",
81162,__label__1,"If you really want to invest like Warren Buffett. . .: you should not buy this collection of Warren Buffett's letters to investors. You should instead visit the Berkshire Hathaway website where all of these essays are available for free and invest the $22 in a good company following the principles outlined in these essays.If these essays were not so easily available, this collection would definitely be worth buying.",
81163,__label__2,"Surprisingly readable: I'm actually still reading this, but I found Warren Buffett surprisingly easy to read. He speaks in a very simple common language which was entirely refreshing.",
81164,__label__2,"There's only one Warren Buffett: Crazyman's EconomicsWarren Buffet is a true success story when it comes to American entrepreneurs. If you follow his advice, your chances of making money in the market will increase, but you're still gambling on a game of chance. Buffett himself admits that the greater the motion, the smaller the return to the investor.In the end, we should celebrate Buffett's success and his willingness to share his advice. But please remember, that Buffett's advice will not make you any richer than a book on basketball by Michael Jordan will make you a hall-of fame basketball player.",
81165,__label__1,waste of valuable money...check out the company website: one can easily have access to the material on the berkshire hathaway's website (or print them out and staple them).don't waste your money...pricey book...way over the intrinsic value. ironic that a person interested in financial acumen would spend money on this book.,
81166,__label__2,"They call him Warren Buffett for a reason: This excellent book was hard to put down. Mr. Buffett is as innately talented a writer as he is a businessman. The book funny, entertaining and highly informative, is sure to add significantly to the knowledge of any aspiring investor. Buffett takes topics like corporate accounting malfeasance and makes you laugh at them while at the same time providing profound insight into the inner workings of the corporate enviornment. This title is definatly one you will want to own.",
81167,__label__2,"The Genius Of Buffett: Some who read the book complained that it's possible to find the same information on Warren's website. Although I have enjoyed the shareholder's letters, there is something to be said about an easy to pickup, and read, compilation of some of his best ideas.The way I look at it -- $25 is a small price to pay for the gems which you encounter in this book. One paragraph, even one sentence, could potentially change the way in which one invests and could make a significant change in your long term wealth!",
81168,__label__1,"Its Better You Just Download The Free Shareholder's Letter From Bershire's Website: I bought this Book because I read in the reviews that the author organized the topics. But after reading it and reading the Shareholders letter, I learn more from the shareholders letter because it discusses with the decision in assessing companies. It book is helpful to those who doesn't have time to spend reading all the shareholders letter.",
81169,__label__1,"Not worth purchasing: I made a mistake of not realizing that this CD only contained three tracks (two of which being different versions of the same song). Worse still, the songs weren't all that good - Ruslana's voice was over-powered by the overly-loud instrumentals, and there was no one distinctive flavor to her music (it sounded like she threw a bit of everything together: Ukrainian melodies, Latin rhythms, ""wanna-be"" tribal sounds, and English words). A rather strange combination, leaving one confused, to say the least.",
81170,__label__1,Euro Trash: This is another example of the political choices made in the Eurovision Song Contest... In my opinio this is one of the worst winners of the last 20 years...,
81171,__label__2,best volume yet: I own all the other 5 volumes of the series and Im telling you i have been waiting in anticipation for this book for a long time. All the editions are beautifully mastered and there isn't a single piece of information that the yellow pages have missed,
81172,__label__2,Very Helpful and full of useful contact information: Thank you for making such a useful item available.,
81173,__label__1,"Untrustworthy Product: I received a homemade-looking copy of book on CD. I am not sure if it is an original or a bootleg copy and after trying to deal with the publisher, I don't trust them at all.After making my purchase, I started receiving emails soliciting a 5-star review from the Platinum Millenium Publishing company. If you buy this product, they will ask you to give them a positive review and promise to send you 2 free items in return. Don't do it.I left a positive review months ago and, even after several follow-up emails, I have not heard a thing from this company and I have not received my free items.",
81174,__label__2,"The whole series!: This was my last purchase to complete my Industry Yellow pages set. I also have The Industry Yellow Pages: The Official Club & Venue Touring Directory, listing over 1700 Music Clubs & Venues in the U.S. and Canada for Your Touring ... Deserve and all the others. We truly use these because they are a great reference for any indie musician!",
81175,__label__2,"Superb!: Great Volume, the best so far and I am looking for the next. It's complete and a good structure and you can find whatever you need very easy! A perfect book!",
81176,__label__2,Complete!: This is the most complete book of this type I have ever read! It gave me a lot of information and I am very glad I bought it! I want to recommend it to all the people that have a music business because they will find here a lot of tips to increase their business and also to gain access to some areas where they normally wouldn't.,
81177,__label__1,"RMA ACCESSORIES is bad business: RMA ACCESSORIES send this product to phones that are not compatible with it, and it creates a bad image for the product",
81178,__label__2,Just the Right thing for a beginning look at the material: I felt the author did a great job of giving information that a beginner could use and learn from and it was easy to access.,
81179,__label__2,"amazingly relaxing: While all Putumayo CDs are fantastic, this particular Caribbean one is amazing. The smooth blend of culture, rythym and language combine to create a fantastic CD. The music is both energising and relaxing, and i find it very good to study to :) The non-english lyrics allow the CD to wash over you without making you think, it just allows the music to envelope you in calmness :) i strongly recommend this CD :)",
81180,__label__1,"I wish my brain would've blacked out watching this.: I'm a huge horror fan, but this movie is really horrible! Please don't waste your time and money on this movie. I know you can definitely find something better to watch.",
81181,__label__1,"Lame, VERY VERY Lame: Ok this movie was really bad. It's hard to explain except for the fact that it just wasn't any good. I mean 3 people stuck in a elevator. After about 5 minutes you realize who the Killer is. They try to get some shock value from a couple of gory scenes later on in the movie.So unless your afraid of Salt( you will understand what I mean if you watch this garbage) Pass on this movie and just watch Baseball instead.",
81182,__label__1,"Blackout ?, sure did 10 minutes into it.: Movie ? Blackout oh that snoozefest with three people trapped in an elevator.. yawn. How long would I last with this crew before I started to freak out, began eating one of them and beating the other 2 to death just out of sheer boredom ? I love the idea of this movie and I think the acting is fine the movie is to slow.Skip it and see ""M. Night Shyamalan"", ""Devil"", it is very much like this but better and heck it's the Devil not some dim-witted serial killer.",
81183,__label__1,"Blackout: Blackout had me ""knocked out"" throughout the duration of the movie,so boring and the flashbacks make the plot dumber on top of that the scenes with salt and the lady cut up was unnecessary. Is the movie about being in a elevator stuck? or going through various flashbacks and then finally the best part of all is when the Movie ends! What happens to the bad guy other than that,a snooze.",
81184,__label__1,"I agree, it's LAME: You have to sit through 60 minutes of people thinking back on their recent days memories, in order to get to 20 mins of some mild action. It was painfully slow and easily predictable.",
81185,__label__2,"Better than the usual modern-day thriller: Black Out is getting a lot of heat for being too slow, and not gory enough... I applauded it's character development and suspenseful pacing. The visuals and direction were good, except for a few gimmicky sped-up pans and edits pilfered from the SAW series. Amber Tamblyn is excellent, as is her young male co-star... only the killer falls short in the acting dept, amazing considering it is such a crucial part, and a plum role for the right actor! Nontheless, he isn't bad enough to ruin the movie.If you want mindless action, gore and violence, skip this... if you want suspense and a strong female lead, check it out.",
81186,__label__1,"Just okay; wastes Amber Tamblyn: The fine actor Amber Tamblyn is wasted in a lousy script with a very forgettable story. I've already forgotten most of what little story there was. This could have been executed much better than it was. Too bad that not much was done with it, or with her skills.",
81187,__label__1,"Disapdointing: Interesting young actor Armie Hammer in a disappointing movie. It's a pity, it could be not just another movie.",
81188,__label__2,"Berkeley, CA defined.: The feeling this album produces is akin to taking the East Bay, leaving it out in the sun for a couple of weeks to dry up, then rolling it up and smoking it. Everything is here--from the high school art class album cover, to the vulnerability that we all feel, to the idealism that dreams and teenagehood are made of. This record is a classic.",
81189,__label__2,Wow: I can't quite put my finger on it... but something about this cd just reached me! If filled a place in me that music haden't filled in a long time!,
81190,__label__1,"Peaceful Ocean Surf: Do not buy this CD to relax or sleep. Screeching gulls & fog horns override the sounds of ocean surf. Instead buy Echoes of Nature, Ocean Waves. This CD really works.",
81191,__label__2,Peaceful Ocean Surf: I listen to this CD when I'm getting a massage or just relaxing outside. I've also found it helpful as a calming agent when I'm having a difficult day at work. The ocean sounds are very peaceful and relaxing after a hard day at work also.,
81192,__label__2,peaceful sounds: The sound of the ocean tide is a great way to wake up. I use this CD in my alarm clock. Works great.,
81193,__label__1,"CD Peaceful Ocean Surf: Not recommended if what you want is a sleep aid (which is what I was searching for).Too many seagulls, foghorns, singing whales etc. for any sort of relaxation. Might be nice just for background or white noise, but not if you want to sleep!",
81194,__label__1,Unsettling segals: The ocean waves were so peaceful until the anoying cackling seagals rang in. OMG......I never wanted those high pitched birds. I couldn't sleep with this or even listen to it. After about 5 mins. I put it back in it's case and there it sits collecting dust. I don't reccommend this for something to help you sleep.,
81195,__label__1,"Not relaxing or peaceful - look elsewhere: I agree with the other comments that have been left about this CD not being peaceful or relaxing, unless you prefer squawky gulls, fog horns, and orca whales to the ocean surf.",
81196,__label__1,Big Mistake: Second Worst CD I ever bought..It just sounds like a lot of humming like a radio or tv thats lost its station...Terrible...,
81197,__label__2,"Awesome hair metal!: I first heard this in 1988.my friend had it on cassette.everytime he rode in my car,we would crank it up!.i never knew it was available anymore,for the longest time,and even now you cannot purchase this at ANY local retailer,just received this saturday,and don't know when i'll stop listening to it!",
81198,__label__1,"Average heavy metal: TNT's debut (?) album includes two really good tracks (""Seven seas"" and ""Knights of the new thunder"") built on the classic heavy metal formula. The singer Tony Hansen have a rather high pitch voice, and on some songs it works just fine but on others, like ""Ready to leave"" it's far from good, and it seems as Hansen try to sound more or less like the superior Rob Halford (Judas Priest) and it's rather annoying. I would say that the material on this release is quite alright with cuts like the strutting ""Last summer's evil"", the fast ""Tor with the hammer"", and the ballad ""Without your love"". In ""Break the ice"", TNT sound very much like Dokken. The problem with TNT is that they're not unique in any way and in 1984 when this album was released, there were hundreds of bands just like TNT - some more talented, some less talented.",
81199,__label__2,"Love This CD!: One of my father's CD collections, this CD is the best I have listened to. My favorite song is ""Aki Special"". He says the couple should not feel bad if they don't have a child. However, all the songs are good to listen and dance to. African music barely gets major recognition unless the artist is rapping or rhyming.",
81200,__label__2,Looking For The Man Who Gave Me This Music: I was a young American Living in Germany. A refugee from Africa whom I befriended brought this record over to my house. I recorded it without ever knowing who the artist was until now. I'd love to know what happened to you my friend. You came to my house and we played drums in my basement. I have always had the songs on this record in my head and I'm so glad to have found it now. The rhythmic guitars and catchy vocals have always been with me. I hope life treated you kind and this music reminds me of my friendship with you. Many Thanks.,
81201,__label__2,Buy as soon as possible...Great Price: This item arrived in great shape. All you have to do is easily remove the cup holders and insert them to the other side. Looks and feels better then the picture. A must for poker games.,
81202,__label__1,"UN Satisfied!: I ordered this to host poker gatherings at the house. The box came looking like it came through a war zone. the delivery driver even commented on the condition. Hoping the table top was still in tact I opened the remains of the box and removed the table top. The zipper pulls of the nylon carrying case were both broken, the table appeared to me to have been used. The felt had black stains about 6 inches around in several places. I am a frequent buyer on amazon and am grateful for their ease of return in case of experiences like this.",
81203,__label__2,"Its good!: I am happy with this. It is definately not the color it looks like in the picture. It is more of a nubuck, brown leather. A more standard leather color. I don't know what that one guy is complaining about with the magnets (the review may have been for the black one, I bought both). They are quite strong. No manner of violent shaking will release the phone (I tried very hard!). I would feel comfortable taking it on my motorcycle. It is also BIGGER than it looks in the picture. This added biggness isn't just waste though. It is thicker in everywhere the phone is likely to get whomped. Seeing it in person, I would have payed 15-20 bucks for it. It beats any of the stuff motorola makes for the razr. Stylish too.",
81204,__label__1,Cheap material: I didn't even have it a month before the material on the inside came apart. I hardly used it.,
81205,__label__1,"Very cheap looking: I was disappointed when this arrived. Although the A900 fits in it fine, the white stitching on the pouch makes the case very cheap looking (think NY purse knock-offs). I can't honestly recommend this product.",
81206,__label__2,"3 Guys Has Heart: 3 Guys follows the trials and tribulations of three stand up comics who embark upon the struggle of success for the dream of fame, fortune and happiness. The music is a bit eighties dated but its got spirit. Scott Bakula (Ted) of Quantum Leap fame carries a good portion of this musical but is sufficiently supported by John Kassir (Kenny), and Jerry Colker (Phil). Micheal Ruperts score is touching and fun along with the lyrical banter of Colker's writing. It's a worthy buy, but a rarely produced show. There is a revival production in Seattle that is quite good that runs until August 20th 2000, at the Theatre Off Jackson.",
81207,__label__2,"Best Off Broadway Show: This show is a blast! It's a very funny story about some comics trying to make it in the big leagues. The music is so entertaining and the guys are hilarious. If you like comedy, you'll love Three Guys.",
81208,__label__1,"I love Edward Lee but..... sorry, not this: First off, I love Edward Lee. He is a black comic genius. The Pig, The House, The Bighead, The Minotauress. All genius that had me laughing all the way.Goon is generally boring. It seems like a very basic story written by someone other than Lee (Pelan) where Lee has added several sections of gross sex. Lee is usually very good and very funny at this stuff but on this occasion it comes off as a half arsed effort that probably took him a couple of hours to write.There is one piece of classic Lee in this novel, a conversation between two police officers. The rest? Sorry, glad this was not my first Lee book.Not worth the $20 asking price. Sorry Ed. Love your work but this is lacklustre.",
81209,__label__2,"Fun little book: I really like Edward Lee. I know I am not alone in this thought. I enjoy what he writes and I have started to spend the money in order to read some of his harder to find books. This book cost forty dollars and it was only about 140 pages, but it was worth it. It was worth it because I really enjoy his writing. This was the first Pelan collaboration I have read and I look forward to reading the rest. If you are not sure about Ed Lee try ordering City Infernal for a few dollars and maybe you too will become hooked.",
81210,__label__1,"I don't care if these characters come home or not.: After reading this adventure shared by a group of completely self-absorbed Westerners, I have only one concern - did Rustum make the plane?",
81211,__label__1,"Useless, pointless woman overshawdows Iran: The main character inspires nothing but a mild distaste and unfortunately overshadows with her pointless little musings a much more interesting subject of a people on the verge of revolt. Chloe could have been written as a much more compelling sympathetic narrator through which to see a turning point in a life of a country. There is not enough wit or drama or lirerary cleverness to make one want to read beyond page 15, the only reason I did, is that I made it a rule to finish all books I start. Johnson has written much better books.",
81212,__label__1,"Will anything interesting ever happen here?: I wanted this book because I thought it would describe INTERESTING events happening in the life of an American woman in a Middle Eastern country. Not quite. It merely threw a few week's boring events together to create a boring story that went nowhere. The story is called ""Persian Nights"", yet the reader wasn't informed about the culture, customs or traditions of this mysterious land! The few somewhat eyelifting parts (that would seem difficult for the author to solve)somehow were suddenly patched (Noosheen and the whole passport thing). There were so many parts that could have gone somewhere and never did. Awfully boring.",
81213,__label__1,"A waste of paper.: This book is terrible. I am an avid reader and I am really sorry I wasted my time and money on it. The main character has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. It was impossible to care what happened to this poor excuse for a women. How this novel could be described as fast-paced is beyond me. Three quarters way through the book I was still waiting for something, anything, to happen. At about this same point in the story the author tosses out a stream of vulgar language that seems to have no place in the book. Perhaps it is to get our attention away from falling asleep. Sweeping negative generalizations for nearly every ethnic group mentioned in the story abound. Iranians men are ridiculed right down to the size of their collective private parts. Was the author trying to be funny or just plain offensive? If you need to prop up the leg of a table perhaps this book would have some merit. How it could have been nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction I do",ot unde
81214,__label__1,"Front cover shows it all: This was not a good book at all. Weak characters, unrealistic representations, and dull storylines mixed with a limited knowledge of Iran and Persian culture. The front cover literally illustrates this - a woman standing dressed in Arabian, not Persian clothing. Poor taste indeed.",
81215,__label__1,"BEWARE! This is NOT the Wailin' Jennys: Buyer beware! This album has been mis-filed as a Wailin' Jenny's album. It isn't! Al ""Wailin'"" Walker is a rockin' Vancouver blues musician...and while he's pretty darn good (and if you're into the blues, you might really enjoy this), the music you'll get if you buy this album won't be that of a Canadian folk trio. So, avoid the mistake I made and make sure you're getting the album you really want. This one happens to be from one of the best living blues pickers in North America.Amazon.com isn't the only one to get this wrong: It's listed among the Wailin' Jennys discography over at [...] as well. Hopefully someone here will read this and fix things.",
81216,__label__1,"Its a cd of spoken word poetry: Not worth the money you'll spend on it. I do highly recommend their other cd ""One Step Forward""",
81217,__label__2,Great for speed breaks and standard breaks.: Length:: 0:55 MinsI love the handles because of the versatility to suspend the boards using rope for a speed break. You can also throw the board and break it in mid-air. The black board is the best (and hardest to break) and I have broken it over 200 times without significant change in its resilience. [...] I rate it's quality VERY GOOD. I'll write an updated review after I've broken it 1000 times.,
81218,__label__2,"Save money and trees...: This is a great tool for training, as a Martial Arts instructor I know that wood is better for feeling & exibition, but no need to waste wood on training sessions.",
81219,__label__1,"Truly disappointing!: Firstly, poor sound. Secondly, the film has been cut, heavily.Let us hope that Paramount release it on DVD soon, as it is their film. In the meantime, if anyone wants to see this film then just buy the Paramount VHS tape- it's very good quality for picture & sound & it is UNCUT! Do not waste your money or time on this poor attempt at a DVD release!!!",
81220,__label__1,"What a disaster!: I watched the Klansman on my Kindle Fire. I was appalled to discover two first rate actors, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin, as the protagonists. I've seen ""disaster zone"" movies before and I must say that the Klansman makes the top five! The only reason to watch this movie is to see Burton-Marvin ""acting"" as part of a sentimental journey into the past... There's nothing else to recommend this complete failure.",
81221,__label__1,Dire: Dire. By which I mean the DVD which seems to have been authored by someone at home with some free software.The DVD claims to be 112 minutes long (It says that on the packaging) but it is only 100:35The other 12 minutes was lost when this was cut into the pan & scan TV movie travesty that you see before you.,
81222,__label__1,"Marvin and Burton??: I can't believe two great actors would lend their names to this catastrophe. It wouldn't even make the B-movie list. Reviewers said there was a lot of editing out of violence. I can't imagine what could be restored to make this worth anything. It was cliche-ridden, poorly written and poorly acted. For example Burton's character was supposed to be crippled--Richard Burton hardly ever maintained that simple bit of acting. The Klan was an evil entity. Actually more insidious than the film depicts. So much more could have been made out of the story. Even the climactic scene was cut short. I can't believe it, but the best acting was done by OJ Simpson. Then there was the penniless white woman who was raped, She had a hair color job and make up that would have cost a month's salary--not convincingly destitute. Her rape was never cleared up--among several loose threads left dangling.It was even worse than the first BILLY JACK from the same era.",
81223,__label__1,"Two Drunks and a Unconvicted Murderer: I don't know who was more lubed, Marvin or Burton. Lola Falana is the victim of a really brutal gang rape, OJ Simpson is whacking people left and right. Not even bad enough to be funny. Hard to believe the same man who directed FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE was involved. Save your money.",
81224,__label__1,"Caveat Emptor: The DVD version of this film is a nightmare. When this movie was released I was the night projectionist is a grind house in downtown San Diego, California. It was so incredibly offensive that I immediately put it in my ""Cult Classic"" list. Imagine my horror upon watching the DVD. The sound track is perfectly horrible and the ""editing"" is nothing less than a hatchet job, to say nothing of being a close relative to book burning. The pitiful Pollyannas who did this have completely robbed the film of its impact. What kind of a world do these people think we're living in anyway? I strongly advise against buying the DVD in its current state.",
81225,__label__1,"Pure Garbage: This DVD is Complete Rubbish! No, not because of the Racism, The Klan, Lynchings, etc., but because of the Poor Acting, Film Quality, and Editing. The DVD Producers actually turned this into a PG Rated Fim...Oh, it's still called an ""R"", but the Lola Falana Rape Scene was Spliced so heavily that it not only fails to move Me emotionally, I would miss it entirely should I blink My Eyes. The Original Opening Scene, Where a Topless Young Black Lady (Jeanne Bell) is tossed around by White Men standing in a Circle is Edited Out as well, the Producers try hard to omit Racially-Charged Scenes, but to do so leaves the Film empty, unfortunately they keep the Redneck Characters intact, the crappy acting from both Marvin and Burton, and a Dull O.J. Simpson, whose own Voice was overdubbed in this Film.....",
81226,__label__1,"Sad waste of two powerhouse talents: Richard Burton was one of the all-time great thespians and it's a travesty that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences never honored him with an Oscar for any of his numerous nominations. Lee Marvin was a dynamic actor in his own right as well. Why they are wasting their time in this ugly, worthless (...) movie is anybody's guess.Many films that incorporate a racist theme merit importance when they depict the horror and any subsequent violence that such bigotry and hatred derives. This film does nothing but present a shallow glimpse into the racial tensions stemming from the South (a common and unfortunate stereotype).One interesting note: OJ Simpson made his film debut here as a radical ""Black Panther""-type militant who murders white folks whenever he has a chance. (...)",
81227,__label__2,"Wow....at a loss of words...: This book took me more than 16 straight hours to read...It's not a skim-through book. It covers various aspects of physchoanalysis, etc. Everything from dream interpretation to the differences in his and Freud's views. It was worth every minute of my time, and I look at the world completely differently after reading it.",
81228,__label__2,"Dense but well worth the read: Modern Man in Search of a Soul is extremely dense but also extremely rewarding. Found in the book is a collection of Carl Gustav Jung's essays about different topics. My favorite in this book were problems of psychotherapy,aims of psychotherapy,stages of life, and contrasts between Freud and Jung. Some of the essays weren't as powerful to me as the others but I believe that has to do more about me then the book.Carl Jung's writing can be difficult and sometimes complicated to follow. For those who take the time to head and understand the deep and philosophical questions that Jung answers about life and psychology, your view on life will truly be transformed."" The needs and the necessities of individuals vary. What sets one free is for another a prison--as for instance normality and adaptation (Jung, 1933, pg. 47).""",
81229,__label__2,"Another pretty Jasper stone color!: It is a nice Jasper stone. I have a pair of earrings that match it perfectly. What can I say, I like Jasper!",
81230,__label__2,"Destined to be big: I bought the book on a strong recomendation from a fanzine site. They were claiming it to be the next big fantasy series.Hype is cheap!However, I was took a chance and was soon engrossed in a great tale of magic and mystery.The story is set in beautiful ancient locations and the descritions of the magic islands are spectacular. My favorite was Filicudi and the giant forests.The book was packed with great characters of good and evil and a selection of great monsters.Each chapter adds the the mystery of the book until part two when the action explodes and the full secret is revealed. Then it's a great thrill packed ride to finish 'The quest.'This is book is sure to please and I'm sure the series will become an adventure classic!",
81231,__label__2,"Really is a great book!!!: This book is billed to be the next ""Harry Potter"" series. (A lot to live up to) - But it may actually be!!!The story is just great, with lovable characters set in brilliant locations.It is quite slow at the beggining - BUT persevere because it just gets brilliant mid way through. It's an action adventure magic story and anyone that like this genre should read it.",
81232,__label__1,"It Broke: I decided to purchase this ricer for Thanksgiving last year and was really looking forward to using it. First potato riced, 2nd potato riced, third potato, it broke.",
81233,__label__2,"Fluffiest potatoes ever!: Bought this as a gift for my mother as she always wanted one and couldn't find one locally. Lets just say wish i would have boughten one sooner! Its fun to use for me (her son and I dont enjoy cooking, lol) and it creates the fluffiest lightest mashed potatoes ever. Would recommend to anyone. Quality is top notch. 1 year of use and its going strong.",
81234,__label__2,"Martha made me do it: I did not imaging there was a ricer until I saw this on a Martha Stewart cooking show. She was showing off some monster size ricers. However I always choose ""OXO Good Grips"" as the tool of choice.So far just did the mashed potato thing. This works well however a good old fashioned masher works as well for me. Now I see for other reviews that there are more uses and a whole new world is opening for me and my ricer.",
81235,__label__2,"Very pleased with this item.: Since I have had this potato ricer, I have been making the best mashed potatoes I have ever made. It is a good size and is very easy to use. It is nice and strong, and fits comfortably in my hand.",
81236,__label__2,"Good quality and fast: Bought this on recommendation from some chefs who say this is the best way to make mashed potatoes. i was a bit skeptical, but after giving it a try, it will be difficult to go back. The device opens up all the way (180 degrees) for cleaning, which isn't too difficult. Your hands do get a workout pushing the potato through, my wife usually gives me this job. But the handles are long enough that it's not too much of a chore. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to try some really light and fluffy mashed potatoes.",
81237,__label__2,"What a difference in mashed potatoes!: I first bought this to squeeze out the juice from potatoes when making hash browns but its first use was actually making mashed potatoes. For that purpose it works great, mashed potatoes are very fluffy using this and it is very easy to use. My kids love watching me make it and like using it themselves. The plate that mashes down on the potatoes is not a very tight seal so you will have some small amount of potatoes that squeeze through the top part, but it's OK, I just throw those in with the mashed potatoes as well because they come out mashed. It is pretty easy to clean as well, I just use a strong stream of water into the ""cup"" and then the other way from outside through the small holes. Then I do a quick wash with dishwashing detergent. Definitely glad I bought this!",
81238,__label__2,"Works great!: Bought this solely to fix my hashbrowns--and it worked! For years, I've dealt with soggy, mushy hashbrowns. After some googling, I discovered that this was because there was too much moisture in them, and they were getting steamed instead of pan-fried. Took a long time to bite the bullet to buy a gadget that I'm likely going to use for only one dish, but it was worth it. My potatoes come out crisp with a nice texture now. It is a quality product, doesn't feel cheap at all. So glad I bought it.",
81239,__label__2,Love this ! no more lumpy potatoes: Was very pleased with this potato ricer. Works great. No more lumpy potatoes. Easy to use & easy to clean up,
81240,__label__2,"Nice Ricer: I purchased this ricer for my wife for Christmas. She had been wanting to buy one for sometime, but had never purchased one. The product is sturdy and did a very nice job on the potatoes. I was initially nervous because the handle did not look solid in the picture, but she had no problem with closing the ricer. It is also relatively easy to clean and I would recommend it for the price.",
81241,__label__2,"Good object, my potatoes do not complain abnymore!: It is dishwasher safe and it is already a very good point. My only concern is that working with it you 'feel it' a bit too light in your hands then it should, that's all and this is why the 4 stars instead of 5.Happy mashed-potato everybody (try the real/original parmesan cheese instead the usual cheese and a little, little, little *VERY LITTLE I MEAN* nutmeg powder). I love it!PEACE",
81242,__label__2,Worksgreat!: No more lumpy mashed potatoes. This ricer is well-made and works just as advertised. It is also easy to clean. I definitely recommend it to others.,
81243,__label__2,Great and strong: I bought this to squeeze herbs after soaking. This item can handle the heavy pressure I put it through without feeling like it will break. It washes nicely as the parts move in a way making it easy to reach all areas.,
81244,__label__2,"Fluffy mashed potatoes: Excellent product, well made. The only small problem is the cup size, on the small side if you are doing potatoes for more than just the family.",
81245,__label__2,"Good enough for chef Michael Chiarello, good enough for me.: I honestly only use this ricer on potatoes, and only after my ""food mill"" has done all the work, yet has left me with a few hard scraps that won't pass through the blade. I place the scraps into the ricer and voila, no wasted potatoes.I was watching Chef Michael Chiarello on the Food Network and this is the exact model he uses on his mashed potatoes. It's construction is solid and smooth.I myself do not make spaetzle, so I cannot comment on its uses for making that dish; however, for making potatoes, when combined with the food mill, it serves a purpose for me. If I could only afford one tool for mashed potatoes, I'd opt for the ""food mill"".",
81246,__label__2,Potato/Food Ricer: This product produced the greatest mashed potatoes...a great addition to my collection of gadets. Quality constructed & fairly easy to use.,
81247,__label__1,"OXO can do better: I normally am a fan of OXO products, but this one is just to flimsy. I bent the flat steel between the handle and the disk the second time using it, now it's in the trash.My wife had used it maybe a dozen times before me, so maybe for a gentle person it would be fine.",
81248,__label__1,Oxo not so good grips potato ricer: The soft grips are fine but too much potato escapes out the side of the plunger when in use and as the plunger is released the escaping potato is forced out the top of the ricer and falls in on the riced potato,
81249,__label__2,"Had to buy another for a friend.: We love our Potato Ricer and a friend saw us using it and loved the potatoes so much, we bought her one for her birthday. Thank you for helping us make her birthday so special.",
81250,__label__1,"Don't buy this one. It has many cons.: If you have ever used an older ricer you will toss this one quickly. It doesn't have holes in the sides of the basket making it very hard to use. Also the basket is not removable, making it very difficult to clean. There are better ricers on the market or do what I did and buy an old one at an antique mall for $5.00. Works great.",
81251,__label__2,Good Product: It's time to make a freshly made mashed potatoes...easy and convenient. Not only potatoes but other root crops as well like carrots and yams. Produce a very nice consistency.,
81252,__label__2,"Just the right size for 2 person meals.: I used to have lumpy mashed potatoes. But, not any more. This ricer does a great job on potatoes and it is a good size for a two person family.",
81253,__label__2,"At last, no lumps!: I always mashed potatoes with a hand mixer or masher, and always had a few lumps. The cooking shows all recommend a ricer, so I finally tried it -- and it works. The Oxo Good Grips products are known to be comfortable to use and this certainly is. I boiled the potatoes in the skins and riced them right after draining. The skins are left in the ricer (but can be chopped and added back in if you like skins) and the mash is silky smooth with absolutely no lumps. The butter and milk can be stirred in with a spatula (along with garlic or wasabi for a great taste) and you have a product you can be proud of.",
81254,__label__1,"BEWARE-THIS IS A DUPLICATE OF THE OTHER VIDEO!: The title of this video states that it is VOL 2 of the Bell Telephone Hour video, something that has been available for several years now. In fact, these two videos are the same; there is no VOL 2 of the Bell Telephone Hour video. It is an excellent video, however, just don't buy it if you already have the first one that was issued.",
81255,__label__2,"A Fun Little CD...: The CD doesn't have too much on it, but what it has on it makes it worthy to buy. This French release of ""Natural Blues"" has the album version of the song, with one remix by Superfunk and a video of the song.The remix by Superfunk is a laid-back yet uptempo mix. It's not trance, like other mixes of Natural Blues, but has more of a Euro-club/pop feel.The video of Natural Blues on this album is different than the one starring Christina Ricci. This one is all cartoon, and is very cute (awwww).If you're a Moby fan, this is is a fun addition to a collection.",
81256,__label__2,Legend Begins: i've red all the books of Harrison and this one is my fav. It's more than the movie it self. All those tough romantic scenes and madness of Tristan leaving to runaway from the real life to sea. They are just perfecly written by Harrison. I first saw this book on a movie (Road House by Patric Swayze) and the man was reading it at a country home... the best place to read it...,
81257,__label__2,Legends of The Fall: Legends of the FallExcellent book. The book itself was in new condition. We bought it because we had seen part of the movie and wanted the entire story. We were not disappointed. I went on line to find it and through the Barnes and Noble website located new ones on Amazon.com; where we purchased it. I recommend this book if you like historical novels about the old west.,
81258,__label__1,LIBERAL WET DREAM: I read the title story and dismissed it as a liberal wet dream without purpose or destination or lesson. It has no sense to it.,
81259,__label__1,"BUYER BEWARE: THE JAPANESE PRESSING OF THIS ALBUM IS BEING SOLD HERE WITHOUT THE ARTIST""S CONSENT AND IS NOT MANUFACTURED FROM THE MASTER TAPAS BUT FROM A RECORDING OF THE VINYL ALBUM",
81260,__label__1,"Too small: Be aware how tiny these tools really are, what appears to be a huge part in the photo is the 1.25"" adapter! These tools are so small that they almost completely block off the airflow. They *will* work, albeit very very slowly, I found them to be almost useless.",
81261,__label__1,"Disappointment: Disappointing product. Once attachments are applied and extention used, any amount of pressure used created the parts to come apart. Had to use tape to keep parts from falling apart during use.",
81262,__label__2,"Great Product, much cheaper elsewhere!: I bought this at Walmart for $11.97 yesterday. I was finally able to clean out from in between the front seats of my car and the console.",
81263,__label__1,Aussie Kaz: WHY are the artists names presented with spelling mistakes? What an insult! SUZI QUATRO and SHEENA EASTON are the artist's names and correct spelling - not as shown in the Product Details box.,
81264,__label__1,"Look for the original translation: I bought this book thinking it would be the same as an older translation that I loaned and did not get back. It is not the same. The older translation I had carried the anointing of Watchman Nee's teaching. That was lost in this one. All the additions of the ""translators"" in this book make Nee's teaching unintelligible.",
81265,__label__2,"Great CD: What can one say about a consummate artist like Jerry Douglas? Hey, he's a consummate artist, and this is a bitchin' CD!",
81266,__label__2,"Great CD: I have a few of his CD's, and this is another great CD by Jerry Douglas. I like listening to this CD when drivin' around in the car.",
81267,__label__1,"Poor quality, flimsy lid: I do not recommend this product. The copper components are thin, especially the lid. First time I ordered it, the lid came crushed, even though the packaging was intact. Returned it for a replacement. The second one I received had a lid that was not flat and did not seat on the pot. The bolt that holds the band around the ceramic insert pot is unattractive and looks as if it will eventually fail. All in all, I feel that this is a poor quality double boiler and not worth the price.",
81268,__label__2,"Best book I've read in awhile.: Peter Barton may not be your model for a perfect life, he just lived his life to the fullest. Everyone should read this book and realize why they are here and what they should do with the time they have. Read it cover to cover in 4 hours, then did the same thing 2 days later. Couldn't put it down. Thanks Peter Barton and family and Laurence Shames for this story. I owe you one.",
81269,__label__2,"A book that will take your breathe away: I am into audio books, so for me to read a book with my limited free time takes alot. So on that note I will make this short.This book with take your breathe away and make you question your life. It will make you teary eyed not because he is exposing the process of dying. But because he is exposing our mass failure to pour ourselves into our lives.Laurence Shames parts of the book you can skip...they take away from message.I am happy this book is short for two reasons:1. I do not think I could handle hearing any more about Peter.2. Since this book does smack you square in the face...any larger it would of really hurt, for it has already left its mark.",
81270,__label__2,"Peter Barton: A brief but very full life!: Pete and I were classmates at Loomis. The recommendation to read his book came during our recent 35th reunion. I have two observations after reading it: the first, is my regret at not having kept up with Pete. He lived his life fully and always had a lot of fun. He was irreverent, a trait I admire. The second is his admonition to slow down and enjoy the ""now"" that life offers. It has given me pause as I reflect upon my own life and values. While most in my generation have assumed responsibilities that require more than the narrow focus of living entirely for the moment, Pete's experiences in the last year of his life show that responsibility and enjoying the now can go hand in hand: after all, today may be all you have.",
81271,__label__2,"Interesting, heavy, and well written.: Not Fade Away was given to me by an older friend of mine after we had a conversation about Death and its meaning. He loved it.I really liked it.Peter Barton lived a life richer in drama, accomplishment, struggle, and intensity than most everyone. His memoirs that chronicle his journey to death are enlightening, funny at times, and very heavy at others.I appreciated the reminder this book offers. It helped re-remind me that those things in life we tend to take for granted (our health, our relationships, the beauty around us everyday) are so very valuable.As a spiritualist, this book will be interesting; you'll see a very objective, very rational corporate raider lean spiritual.As an atheist/agnostic/rationalist, this book will be interesting; you'll see a very objective, very rational corporate raider lean spiritual.Like they say, ""there are no atheists in foxholes"". Not Fade Away reminds us why...A worthwhile read.Enjoy...",
81272,__label__2,"Beautifully written and truly memorable!: When I saw Laurence Shames interview on televison last week, only having caught a portion of it -- for some inexplicable reason I felt compelled to read this book. I mentioned my interest in reading this book to a few people, and got some sideways glances...I'm sure they were wondering why a pregnant woman would be drawn to a memoir of a dying man? Shouldn't I be reading something a bit livlier? I knew just enough about the remarkable life of Peter Barton that I really wanted to know, what were his final thoughts?This book is about the adventure of being alive, the choices we make and the risks we take that make it incredible. There are pearls of wisdom in this book -- his remarkable insight into business, parenthood, love and of course the eventual struggle we all will face with our own mortality. It's the type of book you finish, and then just sit there for awhile soaking it in -- feeling a bit changed from having read it.",
81273,__label__2,"Stays with you: It's been a few years since I read this book. I still think about the story and suggest the book to my friends who may be at a crossroads in life. I've often contemplated whether I would prefer to ""go out in a flash"" or to have an illness that allowed me time to know that death was coming. This story will give reason to pause and reflect both during and after you've consumed it. Enjoy.",
81274,__label__2,"The Best in Real Life Drama: This book thrilled me and annoyed me at the same time. I was blown away by the family dynamics that led to the murder of the main character's husband. And the insane world of drugs and Dungeons and Dragons that her son (who the reader suspects is involved from the beginning) inhabits is a glimpse into a real person's dark side.But don't expect the story to end like a fictional murder mystery. You'll be left with many unanswered questions, unexplainable evidence, and a sinking suspicion that there's more to the story than what was revealed. But it's just this ambiguity that makes this such a compelling read.",
81275,__label__2,"Great job with a difficult subject: I thought McGinnis did an incredible job with some very, very touch subject matter. I read ""Blood Games"" as well, and while both had their advantages, ""Cruel Doubt"" was far and away the better book. Like other readers, I was shocked that Moog was convicted without physical evidence, and while I'm sure he was involved, I feel confident that others -- including Henderson and Pritchard -- were also involved. Unlike Bledsoe, McGinnis took the time after the trial to gauge those involved on what THEY thought really happened, and that is where the book really gets great. I, too, am hoping for another book on this crime.Along those lines, does anyone know of a site or message board that addresses this particular crime? Thanks.",
81276,__label__2,"My first taste of Elliott Smith: I don't know if it's his best. I don't think it is, but I like the CD, and it's one that I will be playing for awhile when I drive. I will be getting the two CDs after this one to see if he has grown. He has a good musical sensibility. Although it's a lo-fi album, he has written songs with complexity. This tells me that he has a lot more in mind than what he has done on this CD. I hope that he has gotten out of the solipsism in the work that follows this.",
81277,__label__2,"truly beautiful: Elliott Smith wears his inspirations on his sleeve and sings like an angel. I have fallen in love with this album. Either/or is an album full of hauntingly beautiful songs that give me faith again that at least one man is still making music worth listening to. Somehow this is the punkest album I've heard in a long time...in the gentlest, sparest way. Brilliant!",
81278,__label__2,"you better sit down: I didn't like it as much as XO at first. It seemed a bit too lo-fi, but after many listens, it revealed itself to me. His songs just open up. The storytelling is so vivid and the emotion so intense, you can't keep away. When you hum Elliott Smith songs, it's not just because of catchy melodies. I am in love with the songs on this album. ""Ballad of Big Nothing"" is the best song recorded this decade. GET THIS ALBUM.",
81279,__label__2,"Amazingly delicate, beautiful and sad: Elliott Smith is my favorite artist because his music is so delicate, beautiful, sad, honest and real. This album has some of my favorite Elliott songs (Between Bars and Angeles) which are sung in a fragile whisper, and the lyrics speak of the sadness, weakness and beauty of being human. While I do recommend XO first to someone new to Elliott Smith, I would recommend Either/Or be in your music collection if you appreciate beautiful and sad music.",
81280,__label__2,"Begin here: This was my first Elliott Smith CD, and I can't think of a better point to begin an Elliott Smith collection (although you should buy them all).Either/Or has the perfect mix of the softer, folkier stuff from Smith's first two CDs (""Roman Candle"", ""Elliott Smith"") and hints of the more complex arrangements of what's to come (""XO"", ""Figure 8""). Highlights of the disc include, of course, the haunting ""angeles"", but also ""ballad of big nothing"", ""rose parade"", and the unusual sonic ride of ""cupid's trick.""When faced with a new artist, it's often difficult to choose where to start your journey. For Elliott Smith, begin here.",
81281,__label__2,"Eclectic, raw and truly creative: Either/Or is a fine example of Elliott Smith's unique songwriting, his ""whisper"" singing voice and multi-tracking harmonies drifting over complex, often schizophrenic chord progressions and song structures - indeed, his brain was wired differently. Then there is the darkness - Either/Or is a raw recording, an appropriate soundscape for the angst that appeared to plague him to the end. His psychological issues aside, Elliott Smith was a songwriter's songwriter - he was gifted artist, a tormented soul - perhaps the two go hand-in-hand, but sometimes the most beautiful things are not all fun and games. GENRES: Rock, Mellow Rock, Contemporary Folk.BUY IF YOU LIKE: The Beatles, Wilco, Nick Drake.MUST HEAR TRACKS: ""Alameda,"" ""Between The Bars,"" ""Angeles,"" ""Say Yes.""",
81282,__label__2,"Raw, Painful and good.: A recommendation amde to me as I started to expand my musical tastes. It was described as ""the perfect winter day album"". In having listened to it as much as I have, I wouldn't entirely disagree. Elliott Smith's Either/Or album is amazing for what it is. The best descripton I have is this title - Raw, Painful and good. As opposed to the following Album, XO (also amazing), there is nothing at all refined about Either/Or. Which suits it to a very different and, simultaneously similar, mood.Give it a listen, give it a chance. This is a must have.",
81283,__label__1,"Mediocre: I hate to be the voice of dissent on this board. I bought this album after going to a really great Mary Lou Lord concert where all she did was rave about Eliot, so I just went out and purchased it, without ever hearing any Eliot songs. The album is very quiet and Eliot's voice is high and not very good. The lyrics are disappointingly shallow. The melodies are okay. ""Between the Bars"" is the one salvaging tune on the CD, it's a nice little song (little being the operative word). Then I went online and read some reviews of Eliot Smith. Critics were pretty mixed, but mostly positive. Mary said Eliot reminded her of Joni Mitchell in her ""Cold Blue Steel"" phase. I just can't see the connection.I just can't really see what's so great about this album. Your immensely positive reviews interest me, however, and I'll have to go back and listen to it again. I doubt I'll change my mind. I think Eliot just needs to be louder.",
81284,__label__1,".: Product arrived so long after purchase that I assumed it had been lost in the mail; at least three weeks elapsed between purchase and my receipt of the item. When it finally did arrive, the product was not as described; it had so many deep, visible scratches that it won't play at all in most CD players. If it does play, it skips uncontrollably every 4-6 seconds, halts, repeats, and is generally unlistenable. Don't get me wrong, I love Elliott Smith, but I would NEVER buy from this seller again",
81285,__label__1,"a cd for teenagers: I purchased the cd because of the posted reviews. Those reviewers obviously liked the self centered, self indulgent, depressed, simplistic lyrics. It seemed to droan on and on for ever....It wasn't worth the time.Sorry---I'm over 30 and am not interested.",
81286,__label__1,"sheer regurgitation: If someone can sell this many albums and make a living off of blatantly imitating Nick Drake, that is truly a sad comment on the current state of popular music.My prediction? This will wind up in cut-out bins within five years, while the Nick Drake ouerve will continue to endure.'Nuff said.",
81287,__label__2,Great Music: If you like the film or soundtrack Good Will Hunting...you will love this album. I'm surprised Elliot Smith is unknown...this guy has talent.,
81288,__label__2,"hi flying lo fi: flyaway melodies, and misery haunt this record. his singing is as if he doesn't want to diturb the neighbours, becuase their dog is bigger than he is, and it might start howling and that would get on the tape, and he doesn't think that would suit the style. you get the feeling he doesn't give a monkey's whether you like this record or not. he just like to write unpretentious songs that sound best in the dark.",
81289,__label__2,"Smith Scores Big: Elliott Smith scores big on this record. It's blend of perfect songwriting and sublime performances make it a pop classic. His ethereal whispery voice is both soothing and disconcerting at the same time. Recommended if you like Brian Wilson, Beatles, and Simon and Garfunkel.",
81290,__label__2,"either/or: the cd is just as mesmerizing as the real thing.: there's got to be some explanation as to why this cd has been basically the only one in my player for a couple months now. either/or gives the listener the perfect dose of elliott.at a recent smith show, a friend and i were commenting on how representative and true-to-life this particular cd is. if you close your eyes you're able to imagine elliott singing to you in your very own living room, or in your car, or while you're busy at work.a truly well-produced album, either/or is an all-around favorite in my collection. with captivating stories and melodic ease, smith delivers a mesmerizing experience to the listener. highly recommended!",
81291,__label__2,"two million stars plus the 5 next to this: i'm been listening to elliott for some time now...you can even call me an elliott smith junkie. it's true...i know it's bad for me, but i can't get enough of it. it'd be snowing hardcore and i would look out my window for hours listening to him...and this cd feels like the sound-track of my winter days. this cd made me pick up the guitar...and the only songs i know how to play and sing are elliott songs...i just wish that i heard of him earlier so i could catch one of his acoustic shows. i saw him a couple of years ago in detroit playing at st. andrews and he was good, but rumor has it that his acoustic shows are a totally different experience. really wish that he would start doing that again. enough sappy stuff...this cd is amazing. buy it. borrow it. listen to it. become an elliott junkie like me. this cd makes cronic depression cool.",
81292,__label__2,"The title sums it up: You either get some of Smith's very best songs (""Angeles"", ""Between the Bars"", ""Say Yes"", ""Ballad of Big Nothing""), or some of his very worst (""Cupids Trick"", ""No Name #5"", ""Rose Parade"") on this album. But since Smith's worst songs are better than 95% of what's out there, and since the great ones are classics, Either/Or warrants 5 stars.",
81293,__label__2,"Elliot the inimitable!: This CD is an incredible treasure. As a woman, I was blown away by Elliot's gentle, mesmerizing, sexy and yet curiously comforting voice. As a musician, I was dazzled by his sense of melody, lyricism (reminiscent of James Joyce's stream of consciousness writing), and orchestration in songs like ""The Ballade of Big Nothing,"" ""Alameda,"" and ""No Name No.5."" He is now my favorite male singer-songwriter of all time (and I never had one before him). Though he struggled with life very hard, God made him an arist, and he expressed depths of emotions and inner conflicts for which most people and musicians can't find words, much less express them with such tenderness as he does. This tough tenderness transcends anything dark about his music.",
81294,__label__2,"Entranced, interested New Englander!: I bought this book a couple of weeks back at a local book store. I guess just the name of the book caught my eye, New England Ghost Stories. I'm from New England, so I wanted to check it out and so far I can't put the book down. I would love to read more of Hans Holzer's books in the near future. He's a great author.",
81295,__label__1,"its ok.........: I give this book only a two star rate. This book is ok, the author I feel is a little repateivtive in his writting. He relies heavy on channeling with very little history if any to back things up. Its interesting and belevable but over all its not a book I would buy new, buy it used. Its still a good read but most of the stories are a bit old.",
81296,__label__1,"Great Idea, Poor Follow-through: I have read many books of this genre, more than one of Mr. Holzer's. This is by far his worst work. The biggest problem is the way that he writes. It is apparent in his other books, but not as prominent. He comes off as if he is the world's best ghost hunter and that his opinion's are fact. Many times he states in the book that he doubts and discredits any person that hasn't in the past had some kind of psychic occurence. There is no history to any ""haunt"". He and his medium are the only credible people in any story. My overall consenus is that he is getting old and is trying to cash in on a few more books. there was no thought or follow through, just cocky, arrogant fatigue in this book. If you want to read a real good ghost book, check out Citro.",
81297,__label__1,Not what I expected.: I was more interested in historical ghosts stories or legends of New England. This is a book of some guy that's supposedly a ghost chaser.I was not thrilled by this book.,
81298,__label__1,"Doesn't stay put: Didn't stay put on the highway. I had a suction cup come loose and flap against my helmet for the rest of my commute. When I arrived, I pulled the rest of it off and shoved it into my saddlebag where it has remained.",
81299,__label__1,"To churchy for my taste: I was hoping that this book was more nondenominational from the summary and reviews I read, but what I got seems very ""evangelist preacher"" to me. There are some good suggestions that I'll keep for my journey, but I was looking for somethign less prescribed. I guess I'll keep searching for a non-denominational guide to a relationship with God.",
81300,__label__1,"not student friendly: My professor unfortunately had to choose this book for class, which I dreadfully abhor and never want to open/read it again. I find it unclear and not very much helpful in presenting the principles of behaviorism. The tear out quizzes are somewhat pointless and repetitive (3 for each chapter). The chapter summaries are poor and everything, including the text layout and color is extremely plain and again, poorly done. What I disliked most about this book is that the definitions are extremely WORDY and confusing!!! For example, in defining Positive & Negative reinforcers, they had to break it down into a THREE PART definition???1. The occurence of a behavior2. is blah blah3. results in the strengthening of that behavior blah blah blah...I find it pointless and hard to follow. Not very concise at all. :[",
81301,__label__1,"don't buy this air conditioner: It does cool ok (not the greatest) but takes a lot of energy. The vent hose gets extremly warm. The water drips into its tank and the sound of the dripping is like a faucet dripping, very annoying. Tank has to be emptied every hour if you don't want to hear the dripping.",
81302,__label__2,Does a great job: Bought this and works well down where I'm from in Georgia. It gets pretty hot here and this easily cooled my room and the bathroom. It's pricey but does seem to do a good job.,
81303,__label__1,"Not Practical: As other people have stated that changing your handwriting and emphasizing certain cognitive change could lead to self-improvement, the ""Vimala"" alphabet I believe is not a practical in today's business environment. There are plenty of much better self-help books if that is what you need.",
81304,__label__1,"Has Your Handwritting Deteriorated?: Do you feel a sense of loss because your handwriting has become illegible to others over the years? Do you have trouble even reading it yourself? Do you feel a sense of loss and longing for fluid,legible hand-written expression? Vimala Rodger's book will open the gate. She will clean up your penmanship and along the way reveal things that we never learned in school about the power, joy, and significance of handwriting. Give your computer keyboard a rest. Pick up Vimala's book, a pen, and go for it! It is pure magic.",
81305,__label__1,lacking knowledge of subject matter: better information on handwriting analysis is avalable from other sources.,
81306,__label__2,"This book is a tool, use it and it will change your life!: Vimala Rodgers has written the definitive book on handwriting. Privileged to be one of her students, I know firsthand the benefits of Vimala's teaching -- and now she has distilled this knowledge into a comprehensive volume that's both practical and easy to understand. Your Handwriting Can Change Your Life offers a hands-on approach to effectively taking charge of your life with the simple strokes of a pen! Whether you're a beginner seeking a self-help resource guide, a seasoned handwriting expert, an alphabetician, a counselor, a devoted parent, or a dedicated teacher -- this book belongs in your life.",
81307,__label__2,"The one book I would recommend to integrate your life: Having a chance to work with Vimala personally, I would strongly recommend this book to anyone who is serious about personal and spiritual development. As a homeschooling parent of three, this is the only way I am teaching my children to write. Something we do everyday can dramatically affect who we are. As we write, we change how we think. Consider it body-based daily affirmations ...",
81308,__label__2,"Improves your handwriting if your willing to work at it.: I have been one of those people who hated the sight of their own handwriting. I always chose to type my assignments through college, even some math homework, when I was going to be turning it in for a grade. I finally realized that I wanted to change my writing and Vimala gave me a great book to assist with my desired change. The book is very informative and directs you in how letters should be written. At the sametime she allows you to choose exactly what changes you make. The book's name says it all, I no longer look at my handwriting like I want it to go away, now I want it to stay!",
81309,__label__2,"Powerful technology for every day , life-long use: Implementing Vimala Rodgers's handwriting changes from 'Your Handwriting Can Change Your Life!' is the most powerful tool that I know for self-improvement. Using handwriting changes is an accelerator for anything I've done since using the Vimala alphabet, from getting my nerve up to change careers, improving my eyesight naturally, raising my goals and improving personal relationships. Currently, I'm practicing the Epsilon e and r and the figure 8 g to aid me in creating my own book.This book is straightforward, non-threatening, lively and thorough. It covers the components of handwriting, has easy-to-follow instructions for each letter and most importantly to me, explains the personal application of each letter.",
81310,__label__2,"do it: this will work if you stick to it. What it really does, is teach you how to think about how you think. Recommend it highly.",
81311,__label__2,your handwriting can change your life: Wonderful book!! I am working on my handwriting every day and new ways of looking at things and people are coming my way. Fresh new insights.,
81312,__label__2,"A gentle tool to remove barriers and discover your passion!: Dr. Christiane Northrup, author of ""Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom"" highly recommended this book in her newsletter (visit Dr. N's website to read her recommendation). I bought ""Your Handwriting Can Change Your Life"" the very next day. I started out by only changing my ""t""s. The book said the letter ""t"" represents what we do in the world, so I made tall stems and put the crossbars on top with a firm upward stroke each time I wrote them. Within 40 days of practicing this letter, I had a new and better-paying job. And as I immerse myself in the Vimala Alphabet it gets even better . If you're looking for a gentle tool to change your life in the most positive, powerful and electrifying way, this is it!",
81313,__label__2,"Valuable guide on a little-known tool for personality assessment and change.: There are dozens of books available on handwriting analysis. This one differs in its clear and concise description of the specific personality traits corresponding to specific letters and then, most importantly, showing how to optimize one's behavior through specific handwriting changes. In other words, ""build it (the desired behavior), and it will come.""From my years of amateur handwriting analsyis, I can vouch for the fact that a change in a person always correlates with handwriting change and I have seen several cases where conscious handwriting change brings about personality change. At the same time, we must acknowledge the power of an individual's intention to change, as indicated in their willingness to recognize traits (and handwriting) that they want to modify.",
81314,__label__2,"Good Handwritng Course: Helpful to students who are struggling in school. The attention to the letter shapes, spacing, and orientation helps to clarify their writing, increase attention to details, and organization.",
81315,__label__2,Paseo del norte: Bueno este es quizas una de las mejores obras que ha escribido Cormac McCarthy. No hay mas de lo que pudo haber sucedido o suceder cuando se confina la raza humana a una empresa hacia la propia degradacion llevados por la mano de el ser que conoce el camino hacia este abismo insalvable. Meridiano de sangre es una novela del oeste violenta y perversion pero el juez siempre es el lector.,
81316,__label__2,"My grandson loves Shaun!: Only one of these episodes is a Christmas show, but they are all very good. I got my money's worth out of the disc. My grandson watched it over and over.",
81317,__label__2,Wonderful treat fo kids: Another great purchase for the holiday season. My grandson loves Shaun the Sheep and so do all of us adults!,
81318,__label__2,Pure Delight: It seems everything Shaun the Sheep touches is pure delight. His Christmas event is no different. I own every Shaun DVD and eagerly wait for more. A delight for all ages,
81319,__label__2,"Part of Season 2: We love Shaun the Sheep. It's great; my girls LOVE it. However, if you have Season 2, all of the episodes here on already in Season 2, so don't double up.",
81320,__label__2,A Good Change from Usual Christmas Videos: Good change from other usual Christmas videos - my grandson loves it and with the short episodes it makes a good one to put kids to bed with on Christmas Eve.,
81321,__label__2,"Very '1990' look at the future: A very 1990 look at the future, but well done withgood graphics. Covers music, fashion, Industry,etc.",
81322,__label__1,"Low quality product.: This is a poorly made product. After a few months of use, the blade broke off. The handle is hard, brittle plastic covered with soft plastic. The blade extends into the brittle plastic only a little bit. The results were inevitable. Pure junk.",
81323,__label__2,"Great Knife: Great Knife, ever better than the earlier version I think!Great value for the quality of the knife.Would recommend!",
81324,__label__2,oxo knife: This is a great paring knife. I needed one very badly. It is sharp and the grip is rubberized. Works very well,
81325,__label__2,"A Season of Grace: It was hard to put this book down. The author has portrayed a real down-to-earth family with all of its problems. The struggle to do the right thing is a struggle we all face in our lifetime. It gives the hope and promise that we can all be forgiven the mistakes and bad decisions we make. It also gives a promise for the future. Thank you Bette, for this inspiring story.",
81326,__label__2,"Pretty Doll & the Niece Loved It!: My niece is in love with anything Tinkerbell & this doll was no different. This doll is very hard to find & amazon was reall the only site I could find it. Even last year when I tried to purchase it, amazon didn't have it in. I made sure to purchase it & have it delivered on time this year. She loved it & I got a great, big hug and a kiss on the cheek out of it =).",
81327,__label__2,"Tips for other buyers of this product.: This is a very good hand-tool. I'm using it to cut off a lot of very big handmade nails in my old house.Due to some rebuilding, I use this tool inside some of the walls in the house and it helps me get the work done.I am very satisfied with this tool.",
81328,__label__1,"Disappointing: Yonder Mountain String Band's rapid rise to fame, and their success in delivering bluegrass music to a mainstream audience has been impressive. Their gritty, simple, energetic sound has been a trademark of sorts, and leaves audiences to enjoy the music without having to invest too much energy interpreting what they hear -- it is straight-forward picking, with a twist.Straight-forward continues with this album, but with a foggy, studio sound indicative that all good things come to an end. Yonder has found a producer, a channel to larger audiences, and with that the obligations of the music business. This CD smacks of production, money, and a tour.I can't comment on any one song in particular because, unfortunately, they are lackluster.",
81329,__label__1,"Pretenders to the throne: Unfortunately, Yonder Mountain String Band has turned their back on their bluegrass roots and have wandered off into never-never-noodleland on this latest offering. Subpar vocal harmonies, pretentious lyrics and standard-issue level chops compared to others in the bluegrass genre leave not much nice to say about this disc. Kind of following the same path as String Cheese Incident, one supposes: release fine early bluegrass-tinged discs, change band sound, lose core audience.... eventually break up. I think we're up to the ""lose core audience"" point with Yonder Mountain on this CD.",
81330,__label__1,"Change won't always do you good: After the intricate instrumental interplay and inspiring vocals on Elevation and Town by Town, I was disappointed by YMSB's newest self-titled album. The vocals are flat, uninspired and with very few harmonies which made their previous albums a joy to listen to. Their ""acoustic"" instruments rarely sound such and the occasional electric dissonance is not welcomed. Dump the new producer and get back to your roots boys!",
81331,__label__1,"Yonder Mountain was my favorite band until this album came out.: Yonder Mountain was my favorite band until this album came out, which is their ONLY bad album. Although I used to travel to see them, I haven't bothered to even see them in my home town the last couple times they came because this album is so disgraceful. This album made me wonder whether they would be DMB or John Mayer on their next album, seriously. I was so dissappointed when I heard this over-produced, compressed crap that isn't even their style of writing. With that said, I think they're realizing that this album was a messup and because it was their worst album, they are heading back to their roots a little and got rid of that record company. Now that a couple years have passed, I'm slowly giving them a chance again, and they're winning, as long as their shows don't sound like this pop-rock crap album.",
81332,__label__1,YMSB: I have followed these guys for some years now and they are always pushing the bar for what is considered bluegrass and I have always enjoyed the ride. This albulm seems to be a bit over produced and some of the rough edges that make me like them are lost. There are a few good tunes but overall I would say go and see them live for the true YMSB vibe.,
81333,__label__2,Good Basic Information: Good basic information. Pictures & diagrams clear. Same exercises shown on the Home Gym Exercises Laminated Poster.,
81334,__label__1,Great Home Gym Handbook: I was really disappointed with this book for the price. It was just a small book and I thought the price for what you got was too high.,
81335,__label__1,Better Guides Available: This guide is too small and very incomplete. There are much better available for less money like Weight Training for Dummies which is available for only $4 used. If I saw it in a book store I'd never buy it.,
81336,__label__2,"Decent Device!: I love the idea of this device and it worked adequately. The only problems I had were: 1. it was a bit difficult to cut through the apple. I had to use all my strength, and 2. while it's not the device's fault, it's hard to align if the apple's core isn't directly beneath it's stem. A little practice and I'm sure it will get easier to judge. It certainly beats cutting them by hand.",
81337,__label__1,"With lots of use, these will crack: If you plan to use this a lot, don't get the Oxo one. Our family is going on it's fifth one! The company will gladly replace them, but you have to pay to ship it to them. Granted, we have 7 children and we eat a LOT of apples, so I am sure these would be fine for normal families...but if you plan to use it a lot, I would recommend one that is all metal instead. BTW, I love all our other Oxo products...this is the only one with which I have had trouble. It is just poorly designed for continual use.",
81338,__label__2,"Works Great: I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine, and it works great. He is very pleased, and it has helped him enjoy apples more often than he would otherwise, if he didn't have this great device. A great tool :)",
81339,__label__2,"Ok, maybe this isn't a necessary tool: But it's nice to have, especially during apple pie season. And apple snacking season. So yeah, sorry Alton, I like this unitasker.",
81340,__label__2,"So convenient: I use this product all the time. Saves time trying to core the apple - in 1 second your apple is core free, ready to be dipped or chopped smaller.",
81341,__label__2,Love it!: My daughter-in-law has one and I tried it. Had to get one for myself. It cuts apples so easily! Highly recommend!,
81342,__label__2,"Good slicer and corer, but could be better: It's easy to use and clean-up. I've noticed what other reviewers complained about - small pieces left in the metal folds; but I'm not concerned about it. The pieces are extremely small and will eventually fall out. There are much worse things to be bothered about than that.My biggest complaint is that the corer isn't quite big enough for large apples. It gets most of the core, just not all. What's left on the slices is edible, the leftover core in some slices is a bit tougher (maybe 1-2 slices/large apple).It's also not very good with apples that aren't straight/flat/sits crooked). Overall it's a nice tool to have for quick slicing and coring; just not the perfect ool.",
81343,__label__2,Apple divider works!: This aple divider works great! The last one I had was made differently and would get apple fiber stuck in the middle of it. It was very hard to clean. This one is very easy to clean.,
81344,__label__2,"Pretty good still need to remove some from the core: Depending on the apple you use this on, it will not be completely ready to eat afterwards.Sprays a bit of apple juice from the force when you use it. Put a plate in the sink and then put the apple on the plate and press down. Sprays a bit of Apple Juice ""Mist.""Depending on form of apple will be ready to eat. Otherwise must remove some left-over core with knife.Easy to remove skin after using with a knife.Overall good I guess quicker than cutting with knife.",
81345,__label__1,Doesn't cut it.: Most importantly bits of apple remain wedged between the seams of the blades. Hand washing or dishwasher fail to remove the bits. Having to pick at it with a toothpick or tweezer makes the tool a net time loss. In addition as other reviews stated it doesn't cut all the way through on some of the apples. Sending it back !,
81346,__label__1,"don't waste your money: center corer too small, dosen't cut all the way threw apple, you have too pick pieces out and pull apart",
81347,__label__1,OXO Good Grips Apple Corer and Divider: Peeled and attempted to divide one apple. It did work but it took a lot of pressure and some rocking of the tool to get it through the apple. Blades are far too dull to use easily. It will not replace my Kitchen Aid Knife,
81348,__label__1,"Doesn't hold up - worthless warranty - dangerous failure ahead!: While the Apple slicer was pretty nice when we first got it, two problems have emerged which make it not the high quality product I had expected. Cracks have appeared at each every point where the blades met the frame, indicating weakening and potential failure. Additionally, the cutting blades have lost their sharpness, so you need to exert a lot of pressure to get through an apple. I'm worried that applying all this extra pressure will cause it to break in my hands, and potentially slice off a finger!I conacyted OXO about replacment under their warranty, but they want me to box it up and send it to them. It will cost even more time and energy to mail than the product is even worth, so I'm not sure why the warranty is of any value.",
81349,__label__1,"Junk!!!: I bought 2 of these because I eat a lot of apples and pears. Both of them split on the sides within 6 months. These OXO units 'look' like they are sturdier, better quality than other plastic units, but they aren't. If you use a corer/divider on a regular basis, don't waste your money on these; go for an all stainless steel unit instead.",
81350,__label__1,I'm on my second one: They both have cracked on the sides where the blades join the plastic. This is not acceptable. I tried a stainless steel model but it is very heavy and not sharp so it needs lots of force. Any other suggestions? I can't keep spending $7 for a product that keeps breaking. Oxo are you listening?,
81351,__label__2,"Great Slicer: It is very sturdy and the blades are sharp. I used to have an all-metal one (not OXO), but it would bend when I pushed down on it. The OXO slices through the apple quickly and easily, and the rubber grips are easy on the hands.",
81352,__label__1,"Broke on the third apple: I was baking an apple pie and thought that this would save me some time. I was really wrong. The center blades are not securely attached to the outer (very strong) metal. I pushed too hard and the blades separated from the outer ring and handles. Worse, they were jammed right in the center of the apple--and I needed that apple!Since I was low on apples it took me quite a while to figure out how to get the blades out. After using a knife to cut the apple away from the many blades I was able to salvage much of it. Needless to say this is not a time saver!",
81353,__label__2,Good Product: Inexpensive and sturdy. Works well. A must have if you are juicing because it saves alot of time. Cores apples very fast and is safe to use.,
81354,__label__2,"Perfect: Got this slicer as a gift for a friend of mine who eats an apple every day...what a perfect practical gift! The handles are big enough for man-sized hands, unlike the one I personally own, and the only drawback of use he's found so far was that if he leans over too close when slicing an apple, the juice can squirt you in the face! Too funny. :)",
81355,__label__1,"Too big for my apples!: I guess we have small apples where I am from, because this corer and divider were huge in comparison.",
81356,__label__1,"Pure Junk: I intended to replace an antique apple corer that I got when my Grandmother died. It was getting dull and because it was flat across the top it was a nuisance to use when making more than one pie. I saw this Oxo unit with the nice offset and I bought it. What a piece of junk. The cutting blades are dull and all it does is leave the core and apple slices attached to a web of uncut apple skin on the cutting board. Unfortunately, I didn't use the item until recently when the apples ripened. Therefore I can't return it. Anyone who is happy with this thing got a different one than I did or doesn't know what a good one is supposed to do. It's back to the knuckle-rapping antique for me - at least it cuts. I tossed this piece of junk in the trash a week ago. At least that action had a satisfying feel to it. JUNK. Also,I'm a chef, so I've used hundreds of kitchen tools and gadgets. This is one of the worst. DON'T BUY THIS JUNK. GO TO WALMART.",
81357,__label__2,"another apple slicer: You may have recalled a previous apple slicer review of mine. I enjoy them so much I can't help but review another one. It's just a lot of fun taking an apple and slicing it into eight handy and adorable little slices. Whether you use green apples, red apples, Granny Smith, whatever. This slicer will deliciously make eating apples exciting. If you're a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product. The apple will taste better, believe me. You won't have to mess around with no silly core. Just don't go around shopping online without your parents permission.",
81358,__label__1,Oxo mango corer: Save your money! As a long time mango lover I was happy to see this product. After several tries I am no longer happy. If you have a stringy mango it is impossible to cut. If you have a nice firm mango it is hard to cut. It just does not work as it is cumbersome and one is unable to press down on the fruit itself to get it through the cutter. I do not recommend buying the mango corer. (The picture of the apple corer is not the product reviewed),
81359,__label__2,"Easy, effective, time saver!!: This Is a great product. I am one who loves to eat apples, but only when they're cut into pieces. This product does just that, saving me time and energy!! Highly recommend this to all apple lovers :)!",
81360,__label__1,"not very sharp: This was not sharp all the way around, so when you press down it didn't work. It could be I got a defective one. I returned it.",
81361,__label__1,Does not cut all the way through the apple!: This item is very sharp and built with good materials. The only flaw is that it does not cut all the way through the apple. It stops just before making the clean cut. You have the pull the core and apple slices apart.,
81362,__label__1,Mine broke.: I loved using this item to cut apples for our school lunch boxes. But it broke after about a dozen uses; maybe the apple was a little harder.,
81363,__label__2,SHORT term: I have owned this apple slicer and corer for about four years. It's currently cracking on a few sided and I will have to buy another one. This worked for the short time but long term I would get an all metal apples slicer and corer. My I make apple slices for my husband in his lunch and give them to my son at snack time. So mine get's used on a daily basis for one of them. For the most part this apple corer worked great while it lasted.,
81364,__label__2,"Pretty good, but not great: I like the design with the raised handles, but the cutting edge is flush with the plastic frame so the apples don't get get cut cleanly all the way through to the bottom. That means you need to turn the tool over and push the partially cut pieces through individually.For that reason alone, it's no faster than cutting and coring with a paring knife, but it's a good alternative. I use it to give my cutting hand a rest.",
81365,__label__1,Cheaply Made: This apple slicer lasted through 2 apples before coming apart in my hands. I would not recommend this item to anyone.,
81366,__label__1,Will Not Last - use only on small apples: I was expecting better quality from an OXO product but the plastic on this product was not up to the task. It did last a bit longer than another plastic corer and divider I used. I am moving on to an all-metal one that can also handle larger apples than the OXO.,
81367,__label__1,"After a year, the plastic is cracking: I find these apple slicers a bit hard to use in general but after a year, the plastic is cracking on the frame. Tough to use with hard apples like Granny Smith",
81368,__label__1,"not worth buying: ok so i bought this for my dad, since he cooks all the time. This product was very hard to use :( its so much easier to just cut an apple into slices, rather than having to try and use this difficult contraption. (it took forever to push it down all the way, and even when i finally got it, it didn't cut all the way through). dont waste your money!",
81369,__label__2,Pure Magic!: Who needs a special tool to core and quarter an apple?Nobody really needs it unless they process a whole lotta apples. But this tool works so perfectly and so quickly that it is just plain elegant and fun to use it. I see myself eating more apples...,
81370,__label__2,"Good but not 100%: I really like this apple slicer but I'm also a little annoyed sometimes. It rarely goes through completely and I always have to pull out the core so that it flays out. Once that happens, each slice is still barely connected to each other at the bottom but that's also a little cool cause they fold up like an apple.It's not bad, overall I definitely like it but it would be nice to see a second one for comparison.",
81371,__label__2,Use it every day: This is a quality apple corer/slicer. We've had ours for quite some time and it's still good. It's strong and I think it's really gonna last. Worth buying!,
81372,__label__2,"Easy apple corer: When I was a kid we had an apple corer like this. It makes it easy to cut an apple into easy-to-eat pieces. So when I ran into this one at Amazon, I had to have it.",
81373,__label__1,It doesn't really cut apples.: It cuts the apple but it doesn't cut all the way through it. I really dislike this corer. I wish I never bought it.,
81374,__label__2,Old School Boleros.: This is a great collection of Boleros. It reminds me of when I was young and my dad would play these at parties and on the weekend. The only bad thing about these tracks are the lack of artist who did the recordings. I highly recommend this collection. The quality of these songs are very good.,
81375,__label__2,"words cannot express: This has got to be one of the greatest things to happen , not just in music, but ever! Yeah maybe I took that a little too far , but this band is just great. Miss. Jenio stands out as most people would agree but the catchy fun (corny?) music is what puts it together.There is not a single track I skip through while listening and that's saying a lot.Seems in most reviews the people are just glowing at the mention of the name, and I can't blame them. It's intoxicating, it's the single most enjoyable album I've heard in a while now.Be warned though, once you hear these songs they will remain in your head until the day you die, not that's such a bad thing.That's about all I have...thumbs up, with a big stupid smile.",
81376,__label__2,With it NOW.: The lyrics are right on the money & revelant to the times. They're catchy and easy to listen to. Get's your blood to boiling in some tracks. Watch out! The songs sometimes sound sweet but they pack a wallop.,
81377,__label__2,"I was there!: I attended this concert at Auburn Hills, MI. The tickets were a birthday present. Since I was too young to be allowed to see GFR during the first time around, this was especially a treat.I was overwhelmed by the energy and musicianship of the original line-up. This was a wonderful concert and this live release does the performance justice.Since the original group no longer tours together, I feel very lucky to have seen them in this incarnation. Enjoy!!",
81378,__label__1,"I know they're getting old, but geez......: Mark, Don,and Mel must all have brain tumors, or they were influenced by the ridiculous Who reunion tours. I mean, an orchestra, what the hell are you guys thinking? What next, a 50 piece choir? How bout some tap dancers? Grand Funk are at best a power trio, and just compare Bosnia to Live Album and tell me which one is the real McCoy. Ok, they're older, but still....just listen to Lemmy in Motorhead proves you can still rock.",
81379,__label__2,"The best live CD I own!: I bought this to hear ""I'm Your Captain/ Closer To Home"" with the orchestra, and I was NOT DISAPPOINTED!!! I was pleasantly surprised and how awesome the entire 2 CDs sounded from beginning to end. Totally blew me away! Songs I didn't used to even like before like ""Mean Mistreater"" (probably because I heard it only on a poor live recording before) are suddenly phenomenal-sounding and are among my all-time favorites. And songs like ""Bad Time"", ""I'm Your Captain/Closer To Home"", and, well all of disc 2 sounds actually way better than the original studio recordings! The production is excellent and the sound is clear throughout. I was stunned by this release! And by the way, the orchestra is a perfect complement to these songs!",
81380,__label__2,"Grand & Funky: I had the opportunity recently to see Mark Farner in concert. He has still got it! On this 2-CD live set, the whole band still has it! From the early years to the more commercial years, the band is tight and simply having a good time. This is, by far, one of the greatest live albums available. Outstanding. Mark Farner is still the showman and can still play a mean guitar - and, what a voice! The orchestrations are just an extra added plus. Simply put, this album is grand - and Grand Funk at their best.",
81381,__label__1,"beautiful, but broken: I was really excited to order this item, but it arrived broken. Amazon was great when I reported this and was prompt to replace it. The replacement was also broken upon arrival. Amazon refunded my money.",
81382,__label__2,"King Pleasure, so aptly titled.: The King, nee Clarence Beeks, came into a jazz joint in Cincinnati in the late 60s, and he sat in with the local group, and so did I (ts). What a treat. I try to emulate his spirit, not with vocalese, but straight ahead scatting. I'm too lazy to try vocalese, that is a truly focused art, and I just want to keep it loose. [...]Long live his Royal Highness.",
81383,__label__2,"Last time I saw King Pleasure: I've been a King Pleasure fan for years. Unfortunately the last time I saw him was in New York City. He was on the street, panhandling. One of the great scat singers.",
81384,__label__2,Gramercy Window Shade: Ordered seven (7) shades and installed them on large windows. Shades add thermal barrier and darken room. Design attractive complimenting decor without standing out like other window treatments such as drapes. Shades allow for changing decor by hanging various colors and patterns of material draped over top of shade adds quick and easy eye catching changes enhancing any room.Only caution is the manufacturer often places tags with plastic fastners through fabric causing light to magnify hole.,
81385,__label__1,"They fall apart: I bought these shades for my family room because they were so much more attractive than the other shades I could find. I've only had them up for about 6 months and they are falling to pieces. The cords run through flimsy plastic rings on the back of the shade. So far 4 of the rings have broken. I've had to repair them by attaching safety pins to the back and running the cord through them. Also, one of the clasps holding the cord in place failed within the first couple of weeks (used a safety pin for that one too). I'm running out of safety pins and patience. I wish I had saved my money.",
81386,__label__1,"damaged goods: Brush arrived in damaged condition. Contacted supplier who responded with vague comment, but did not send replacement or suggest method for doing so. Very unsatisfactory outcome, and calls into question Amazon's quality control of suppliers. Sincerely, Cal Brown.",
81387,__label__1,"Not recommended: I owned this brush briefly, but threw it out because the bristles got all bunched up and smashed. I prefer a brush with stiffer bristles.",
81388,__label__2,"Man What a Movie... Such Great Dialogue: I really loved the Prof. Character.. The always witty banter between the Prof. and his boy assistant... Here's a good example, something like this:Boy Assistant: ""I saw a sign of a struggle near the river. There was blood on the ground!""Prof: ""Probably just woodchucks""Also, glad the town is in the hands of the genius chief..",
81389,__label__1,The Things They Forget To Mention....: Another listener had the good sense to write in that this CD is INSTRUMENTAL.That should be mentioned. I almost bought it and would have been very upset that I had wasted my money. Thank you other listener. You wrote in on my birthday. You saved me some money. Good present.,
81390,__label__1,"Yawn: ""Pickin on Garth Brooks"" is an INSTRUMENTAL collection of Garth Brooks' biggest hits. There is no vocal accompaniment. It features steel guitar, banjo, mandolin, fiddle, piano, harmonica, and percussion instruments.I bought this in the store and knew it was instrumental when I got it, but it had a cool cover and sounded kind of interesting so I got it. I was bored after the second song. The songs all sound pretty much like the regular versions without Garth's voice. I kept waiting to hear him start singing, and would then get dissapointed when I remembered he wasn't on the album. I don't know what I was thinking when I bought it but I was bored out of my mind.If you're a ""diehard"" bluegrass fan, well, I take that back...because you still probably won't enjoy this CD. It didn't really add anything new to Garth's music and some of the instruments are a little too prominent on certain tracks.",
81391,__label__1,"A tribute to the record exceutives.: When an act makes it to the big time and they see them making hit records and money, eveyone want's in. This is a toast to the record bosses who know how to make a fast buck. However, i'd advise the record buyer to pick up a real Garth Brooks CD, ""no fences"" perhaps or ""in pieces"", or even both. Much better than this ""tribute"" album.",
81392,__label__2,"Much better without Garth...: Garth has actually performed some good songs. I stress the word SONGS. His performances have ruined the vast majority of them. This album is an instrumental album of Garth's songs minus Garth. So the true talent of the song writers shines through without Garth's commericalized gloss leaving a big stain on them. This album should have been titled ""step aside Garth.""",
81393,__label__1,"Growing long in the tooth...: Old technology being rapidly overtaking by InDesign 2.0, especially if you want to use OS X. If you are just starting in page layout, use InDesign. If you have been doing it for awhile and have a lot of documents in xpress format, byte the bullet now and convert them to InDesign. You are going to have to at some point anyway.",
81394,__label__1,"This unit is capable of killing your data: I own 3 of these units, and they cause me nothing but trouble.2 are plugged in at my home computer and 1 is at my office for my laptop. They run fine for hours or minutes, and then unexpectedly stop working.. they drives becomes inaccessible until you turn the unit off and then on again.The two at home have started to corrupt data because of this problem.",
81395,__label__1,"Cajun Music Simply Impossible to Listen To...: As a professional music reviewer, I would steer clear of this CD as if were the plague. There are millions upon millions of excellent albums available of all Genres, why waste time with Cajun. This is simply Louisiana swamp muck. If you are not familiar with this type of music, pat yourself on the back and feel lucky, this music is a bad, bad experience for the ears. I cannot stress this enough. This music has no merit and I fear for your taste if you persue the purchase of this stinker. - RC",
81396,__label__2,Captivating!!!: I loved this book....could not put it down. Being from the Baltimore/DC area I loved reading the familiar city and road names. Amazing how you can feel a bit sorry for such a mean S.O.B. I'm very much looking forward to Van Horn's next novel. I hope it's not too long of a wait! Keep up the good work!,
81397,__label__1,"a very bad experience: I received this unit with no bulb. Nowhere does the ad suggest that the bulb is extra or is the bulb offered separately. Upon contacting Amazon customer service I was offered a $10 refund to obtain a bulb locally as they were unable or unwilling to provide the bulb. After spending the better part of an afternoon finding a bulb (there were no bulb specifications included), the best price I could find, for the bulb only, was $25.00. So beware...this nice little led reading light that seems like a good value ended up costing me nearly $60 not counting my time, gas, and aggravation. Amazon does not stand behind products on their pages.",
81398,__label__1,"Big Disappointment!: Could only get to work intermittently with an olderDell PC and a PowerMac G4. The keyboard would rarelywork when the PC was selected. Iogear, please go backto the drawing board!",
81399,__label__1,"Way too expensive for a used book.: When I realized that I had been charged $36 for this book, which was in used condition, I returned it immediately. Still, my credit card has not been credited with a refund and it's been almost 60 days!When I contacted them (Circle Rounder Books) about returning the book via e-mail, their response sounded snide and sarcastic. They did, however, give me their return address, letting me know that they would be charging me a 10% ""re-stocking fee"".",
81400,__label__2,"Ray Wylie's Coming Back Strong: Loco Gringo's Lament is a CD I have had for a couple of years now. It is truly among the very best I own. I almost never take a long road trip with out bringing it with me. Ray Wylie Hubbard may be best known for up Against the Wall Redneck Mother, but with Loco Gringo's Lament you have great driving music and very thoughtful and profound lyrics. While all the selections are good my favorites are Dust of the Chase, After the Fall, Wanna Rock & Roll, The Real Trick and the Messenger. I don't think you will be disappointed. You may also want to grab its sequel Dangerous Spirits another excellent release from Ray Wylie Hubbard.",
81401,__label__1,Annoying: I love African music but this CD is not one I like. It is very repetitive. I have many African Music CD's where I recognize each song. I don't think I would ever be able to do that with this one. Nothing stands out as being any different from the the others. I suppose if you wanted to practice dancing the rumba this would give you endless rumba rhythms but for just listening they become very annoying.,
81402,__label__1,"what a waste of time: I am a movie buff and have seen thousands of movies in my 71 years, but this film was one of the worst I have ever had the displeasure to watch. Story line is terrible. The main character seems to be either walking the streets or sitting in a diner. What a waste of acting talent!One star and that's for the actors who showed up.",
81403,__label__1,"What is going on?: Missing substance, a lot. No rational for the storyline with the end coming years after the start. I thought the parts well played, but too disjointed to follow. The 2 is because I rented this movie with greater expectations. Is this what happens when everyone does a great job, and there is a movie in there somewhere? It just got lost.",
81404,__label__1,"Awful: This movie is just plain awful. It was so bad that I could hardly pay any attention to it. It barely even had a storyline. It was completely boring. The only reason I even bothered to finish watching it is because James Franco is in it. Otherwise, I wouldn't have even finished it.",
81405,__label__2,Nice Bulbs: I replaced my oem bulbs with these ones. They are a very bright white and much better than my oem bulbs. I can see the road much better now!,
81406,__label__2,"SUPER BRIGHT!: These high beams are GREAT! I put one in, turned on the lights to compare to the stock bulbs, no comparison!!! These bulbs have a brilliant bright white glow that will light up any dark road. I have a 2008 Lincoln MKZ and these bulbs go great with my HID low beams. Highly recommended!",
81407,__label__1,Casebook Without Cases: The book is 70% hypos with open ended questions and half blank pages to write your answers. It constantly refers you to sections of the UCC but doesn't have the relevant UCC excerpts in the book or appendices - like a normal casebook. And there are only about 10 cases actually discussed in any detail. Not worth it at ANY price.,
81408,__label__2,"WCW Great American Bash 1997 Review: This was one of the greatest Bashes of all time. Only trailing the 1986 and 1988 events, 1997's June ppv was very exciting. The double main event was very good, but for me, it was sort of odd seeing DDP and Randy Savage in the last match on a card. Nonetheless, they put on a very good lights out match. The tag team match was alright, but the best match of the night was probably Meng vs. Chris Benoit in a return death match. It was the first time we saw Meng pass out from any pain. The worst match was Madusa vs. Akira Hokuto where the former had to end her career. Not! Top to bottom, this is one of the best WCW cards of 1997. Yes, this video is recommended.",
81409,__label__2,best gab ever: ddp v macho man was the best they were all over the arena.I also thought the piper&flair v outsiders was well performed.But I really liked the steiners v harlem heat.Great ppv,
81410,__label__2,"Wish there was a revival: I love anything that has to do about Ben.I had the honor of playing hin in ""1776"" and would love to play him in this play.",
81411,__label__1,"Crushed: It seems as if my package was crushed, the strands of stapleswere all () broken not a single full strip. Oh well they'restaples.",
81412,__label__2,"Staple Work, But Many Broken Loose Staple Strips in Box: If I were using boxes and boxes of these things, this might be a big deal to me. When we were using the staples in my attic, installing radiant barrier insulation to the rafters, there were several, probably the majority, of the strips that were in pieces. Could have just been the box got banged around in shipment, but ideally, I would want to pull strips out whole or half at worst.Did not have but maybe a couple of jams with the staples in a cheap staple gun.",
81413,__label__1,"Stick with 1938: This double disc has one stellar moment: Mary Lou Williams on ""Roll 'Em."" This is a rousing rendition of Mary's own song and it knocks 'em dead. Benny's vocal on ""I Love a Piano"" is also quirky and sweet. But the rest of the album is uninspiring and insipid.The absolute nadir is Jack Sheldon singing ""Rocky Raccoon."" I don't know what Benny was thinking having this obnoxious trombine-player from the Merv Griffin orchestra appearing on stage with him. Unbelievable.Benny also throws in a bunch on no-name singers giving pale imitations of his original vocalist, liltin' Martha Tilton. For diehard fans of Benny, you might emjoy this disc, for everyone else out there, stick with the 1938 classic concert from Carnegie Hall.",
81414,__label__2,"Amazing taste of our history!: This book tells an amazing story that follows the life of a young slave and through his journeys and experiences you really get to see what things were like in those days and it is very significant to the history of Trinidad and Tobago. This book is a must read, I thoroughly enjoyed it and look forward to reading David's new release!",
81415,__label__1,"Two-handed Scissors: How nice it would have been if Oxo had designed the locking mechanism so that you could open it the way you do garden shears, with the flick of a finger from the hand that's holding the shears.Instead, every time I reach for my Oxo scissors, I have to use two hands: one to hold them, and one to open the lock. Seems like a small thing, but when your hands are busy and mucky from working in the kitchen, not being able to just reach over, pull out the scissors & use them drives me crazy. Poor design. And then, as others have noted, the red lock often slips around & relocks the scissors. Disappointment from a company that's put out so many well-designed, sturdy, affordable kitchen tools.",
81416,__label__1,"Red Locking Tab Won't Stay Open: I had these, and donated them to the thrift store, because the red locking tab kept falling into the closed position, which blocked the scissors from closing all the way and cutting properly.Great concept, very poor execution.Not recommended.",
81417,__label__1,"poor quality and design: These scissors came as a set with other Oxo items and while the other items (cheese grater, vegetable peeler, ice cream scoop, and jar opener) functioned as they suppose to, the scissors has become a frustrating experience. For example, the red locking clip that keeps the scissors closed (scissor is based on a spring lock system) has not functioned properly and cutting anything has become a vexing challenge.",
81418,__label__1,"I have re-evaluated my review after a year: I bought these scissors for myself and liked them so much that I bought more for bridal showers. They make a nice gift when paired with the OXO soft handled vegetable peeler.They are easy to use, comfortable to hold and nice and sharp. The locking mechanism is handy as well. The price is very reasonable. However after a year, I am having a problem with the spring that is key to the scissors periodically falling out. I have to put the scissors down and replace it. So I have lowered my rating to 2 stars. The vegetable peeler still rates 5 stars.",
81419,__label__1,"Not up to Oxo standards: I normally like Oxo products, but these fell apart almost immediately and I couldn't figure out how to put them back together. Complete waste of money.",
81420,__label__2,"Remove the red locking clip!: I use these almost everyday. The locking clip had to go. I agree with the comments this could have been designed better. Once the locking clip is removed, they work great.",
81421,__label__2,the best: i am a demo person i use these alot i now have 4 pares of these two for work and two for home,
81422,__label__1,"A disapointment: I usually like OXO products but this one is terrible. They are awkward, not sharp, and the spring mechanism doesn't work most times. After you make one cut you have to use both hands to pull the blades apart. Useless for cutting up chicken.",
81423,__label__1,"They Come Apart: I have never been able to use these. On the first try the two halves split apart. Unlike the previous reviewer, mine will not hold tegether long enough for use. I keep trying to fix them but to no avail. Very disappointing as the handles are well made. It's a pity they just don't work.",
81424,__label__1,"Faulty design: After a month of trying to use these for poultry I tossed them. The first time I used them the nut holding the blades together loosened. If you know scissors, once this starts you might as well forget it. After one cut I would have to try to tighten the thing, usually with hands greasy from handling the bird. Oxo grip products are hit and miss. Some I like, but others are just turkeys.",
81425,__label__1,"Only worthwhile if you have arthritis.: This pair of scissors is mediocre at best. I can see it's value for those with arthritic hands, with the easy to grasp, spring loaded handles.The pair I had was very poorly put together. The spring which keeps the scissors open kept dislodging and flying across the room. The nut and bolt holding the blades together would also come undone intermittently. I fixed the problem by melting the plastic around the spring, permanently fixing it into place and by tightenign the bolts.My advice is to spend a little more money and get a pair of Henckels scissors, which are much sturdier. The blades also can be separated for easy cleaning (there are no nuts and bolts to become loose either).",
81426,__label__1,"Don't waste your money.: I purchased these kitchen scissors based on the Oxo brand name. They worked great the first couple of times, but dulled very quickly. Also, I experienced the same problem as other reviewers, where the red latch will try to close during use. With a toddler into everything at home, I like the safety feature of the latch, but it's very awkward during use. Finally, cleaning these scissors leaves much to be desired. The blades don't come apart, so the only way to really get them clean is in the dishwasher. After about three washes, I noticed some rust spots on the blades! I'm going to follow the advice of other reviewers, and spend a little extra money for a better product.",
81427,__label__2,"Not too bad: I have owned these scissors for several months now and was disturbed by reading some of these reviews... Perhaps I got lucky but I have had no problems with my scissors, the spring is a great extra to have, i find the grip to be comfortable, and have had no problems with them cutting. I guess this item may just have to be hit or miss...",
81428,__label__2,"John P. great guitar, some new Holiday tunes: Just heard John Pizzarelli on the Boston POPS Holiday Special aired on A&E November 26, 1998. John and his trio played half of the selections on this CD and they really swing. Some old standards and a few new songs that I'm sure will become seasonal regulars (e.g. Santa is near). Very enjoyable!",
81429,__label__2,"Another jazz explosion of cool lounge...: ...this time to set your Christmas heart aflame. Everyone is in good spirits. People want good holiday music. I got tired of Boyz-to-men after a while. I've always enjoyed the peaceful crooning of John Pizzarelli, but this just usurps the cool breeze express. It's like a breath of fresh air. It keeps it simple and puts you in good spirits. Makes me wanna pick up my guitar and play for me lady! Makes me really wich I could play piano, lol. Wonderful holiday music and a breath of something new.",
81430,__label__2,"JP & Company: John's superb musicianship is in attendance as usual. Having an equally excellent orchestra is always the best setting for fine music, but the special bonus is the cast of top arrangers, one for each selection. I can think of two other occassions when more than one scoremeister was used: Warren Vache's ""Don't Look Back"" and the Lawrence Welk/Johnny Hodges album. I hope others will follow, and I also hope that ""Let's Share Christmas"" gets the attention it deserves.",
81431,__label__1,"Not the normal quality for an OXO product: I've had this grater for quite a while, I bought it because I normally love the OXO products. This one, however is a bad design. It has cracked in multiple areas on the white plastic sides from the pressure of pushing the item, mostly cheese in my case. I normally love OXO, but avoid this item...go with a box grater.",
81432,__label__1,Junk: Worked fine in the beginning but after about six months the plastic cracked. I'm buying an all metal grater this time.,
81433,__label__1,"Cracked in several places - barely used: Ours is cracked in several places after being barely used. It is extremely poor quality, I'm so surprised to see it still for sale.",
81434,__label__1,"good idea, terrible quality: I thought this grater would be very easy to use. I really like the design of the grater and the grip on the top. It was easy to set on the side of a bowl and grate right into it. But it broke within the first two weeks of using it. The plastic cracked and broke making it impossible to use. I would not recomend buying this grater. Spend your money on something that will last.",
81435,__label__1,"Breaks quickly: I bought one of these, thinking that the price is pretty reasonable. I got what I paid for.When you try to slide out the grater, so that you can clean inside of the ridges that hold the two plates into place, it's awkward, because you have to align it just so, or else it won't come out. I'd toss it in the dishwasher after using it. After the first round (we don't use the drying cycle, because it costs so much electricity), it came out with multiple cracks along the side. A couple months later, the plastic underneath the fine grater broke off. That made it so that the black piece up top is absolutely useless, because now it won't rest comfortably on the table. Then, the wide side broke.I went to walmart, and got an $8 box grater. That thing is solid.",
81436,__label__1,"Flimsy: It lasted just about a month before cracking and breaking. Also, because it's an oddly shaped thing, it doesn't like to sit firmly on the counter or cutting board. Get a solid box grater, and skip this trash.",
81437,__label__1,Weak and broken: I purchased one of these because it looked like it might save some space. It broke along the sides at the corner of the metal after only light use. Save your money and don't buy this.,
81438,__label__1,"Not so good!: This grater came highly recommended, but broke within three weeks..... the plastic broke so one side would no longer slide into the handle. I wrote to the company and they sent me another one. THAT one broke too within a couple of months. I still use it as a separate grater, but the triangle formation will not work any longer. A surprising and disappointing purchase!",
81439,__label__1,"lousy grater, better customer service: It would have been wonderful if this grater had lasted - I really liked the idea of grating into a bowl. However, the design is such that cracks quickly develop where stress is placed on the plastic housing around the metal grate. Not only did two of mine break, but I've spotted these in thrift stores with similar breaks. The first time mine broke, I had it replaced under Oxo's lifetime warranty policy (which requires you to pay to ship your defective item back). The 2nd time, I asked to upgrade to a box grater (and I asked if I could substitute a digital photo of my broken grater, since this was my 2nd broken grater); as a goodwill gesture, customer service sent me a free box grater (which works very well) without requiring me to ship anything back or send a photo. So the grater gets 1 star and customer service 4 stars.",
81440,__label__1,"Lasted a couple of years: I purchased the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater back when I was first outfitting my kitchen. At the time, I really disliked box graters because they're hard to clean and once you use it, you couldn't use any of the other sides later without cleaning the entire thing.So, I bought this multi grater because it's easier to clean than a box grater and you can take apart each side and use them individually. The grater is quite sharp and worked well with hard cheeses as well as soft. After a couple of years of use, the side with larger grating holes broke. The plastic surrounding the metal grate snapped. Now the other side is starting to go. All in all, it was a decent purchase but didn't stand the test of time like I would have liked. I'm starting to rethink the box grater idea.",
81441,__label__1,"Broke after 6 months: I bought this from a retail store, but I wish I had found these reviews first. After about 6 months the plastic cracked and soon I will need to buy a new grater.",
81442,__label__1,"Best if you keep looking: I normally like all of Oxo's products and this started out as a real favorite. However in less than 6 months, the plastic cracked on the side by the handle making it unsafe to use. I recommend you keep looking and not waste your money on this until they design it with considerable more durability",
81443,__label__1,"Not worth it: This would be a wonderful little kitchen tool if the plastic sides did not break within a few months. It is very sharp, perfect for those little grating jobs where you don't want to haul out the food processor. OXO replaced this once for me and the new one started cracking within a month. I only used it for cheddar, as noted by another reviewer and it still broke soon. I will not buy this one again and think that OXO should take it off the market.",
81444,__label__1,"Does not hold up to the task at hands: For parmesan cheese, lemon rind and fine delicate grating, I swear by my Microplane zester and grater. I have another shredder from Williams Sonoma that is extremely sturdy but must either be held at an angle over paper/plate or across a bowl flat, and that's sometimes awkward. I thought the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater would be different than my box grater because it would be more structurally sound, have a better handle, collapse and take up less space, and mainly because I'm very pleased with the brand.Wrong. This has fallen apart after falling into the plate many times. The plastic has cracked on both sides, so the fact that it's collapsible makes me wonder if they were referring to the material and not the design. The blades have remained sharp but it's going to be recycled today because it simply doesn't hold up to the task.",
81445,__label__1,"Works As Promised Until It Breaks: This grates well, stores well, disassembles for easy cleaning, and is dishwasher safe, BUT IT BREAKS EASILY! It's made of cheap material that cracks, leaving it unsafe. I recommend buying a sturdier product. If it didn't work well in the beginning, I would've given it a one. This product inevitably breaks within a short period of time. It's not worth the purchase.",
81446,__label__1,"Broke!: A good idea, but after only a few uses, the plastic started cracking and finally just broke completely.",
81447,__label__1,"Better buy the box grater: This looked like a good solution to the ever-vexing problem of storage, but it turned out to be a waste of money. It started to fall apart from the first use. Now it's just another piece of junk that's going in the trash can...splintered plastic, bent metal and all. OXO's box grater is a far better choice.",
81448,__label__1,"Yes you can count on this breaking...: I liked that it folded for storage, but -- now that the plastic has cracked -- there is no need to store it. Bad bad grater.",
81449,__label__1,"Works until it breaks: We've tried a few of these because they look like they would be more comfortable to hold and use, and stronger, than the more common and less expensive stamped stainless steel variety. And they are. . .until the plastic gives way, and only one side remains useable. A beefier design could make this potentially good product into a good product. Until it's redesigned, spend your money elsewhere.",
81450,__label__1,"Neat design--bad materials: Although I like the design--especially the non-skid feet--I'm ultimately very disappointed in this grater. Like other reviewers, I've found that after less than six weeks of use, the plastic has started cracking.Contrary to what other reviewers have said, however, you CAN separate the two halves of the grater for cleaning or storage, but I was disappointed by how you can barely spread the grater's feet out more than a few inches...I wish it had a full range of movement. As it is, you can only position the feet about 4 inches apart. I was hoping for a wider foot print for things like quesadillas.Overall, a disappointing product. Neat design, bad materials.",
81451,__label__1,"Breaks too soon: I loved my new grater for a few months -- until the plastic on one side split, meaning it no longer stands up on its own, and the broken side cannot be used. What a pity it wasn't more sturdy! All I ever grated with it was cheddar, so it's not as if I used it for anything too hard.",
81452,__label__1,another good while it lasted: I too have experienced the plastic cracking and breaking. Would not buy another.,
81453,__label__1,"Not up to usual OXO standards: After having this grater for a couple of years, the plastic frame started cracking in several places and finally broke altogether. The grater wasn't mistreated -- dishwasher cleaning was okay per the instructions, and excessive force wasn't used in grating. It's just a faulty combination of design and materials used. I'm surprised to see OXO still has them on the market. I'm not quite sure if the ""Satisfaction Guarantee"" covers this kind of problem, but I'm certainly not satisfied. With the time that's passed, it's unclear where the item was purchased (maybe even a gift) so how to pursue the warranty is unclear. I look a lot more carefully now if/when I buy an OXO product. I certainly don't recommend this one.",
81454,__label__1,"Not worth it...: The only good thing about this grater is that it doesn't take a lot of space, but after using it few times it cracked on the bottom.",
81455,__label__1,Lasted a couple months: This thing kept falling apart when I grated with it. It finally developed little cracks on the side that turned into big ones. Then it went kaput and snapped. The only good things about it are the non-skid rubber footings.,
81456,__label__1,"Broken, and Bad: When we got this grater, it was nice, the grip is nice. It is hard to fit in a bowl, so we used a plate. Now the plastic has broken, the plastic is very thin, and apparently this item was not made to last. I have always thought of Oxo as being a good product, but lately several Oxo items have been junk.Do yourself a favor, and get an all metal one, with no plastic to break.",
81457,__label__1,"kinda rinky dink: Who care about a review for multi grater? I think it is fine, although I had one that was much cheaper and was more stable, unfortunately it broke so I bought this one because I am low on space and I like things that fold up and go away. How much do I really grate cheese? Not that much plus cheese is full of fat, something I am avoiding as my waistline expands. But on the off chance I need a grater this one works fine.",
81458,__label__1,"Loved it, but...: I bought my grater because I have always liked other OXO products - but I was disappointed. I was never able to actually take the thing apart for the so-called ""easy cleaning,"" and it broke very quickly. I think I had it for a year before it started cracking (with low usage - maybe used 20 times. Maybe.) When it did work, it grated well. But I returned it and got an old-fashioned box grater instead. I'm much happier with that, knowing that the stainless steel will not break anytime in the near future!",
81459,__label__1,ok until it breaks is right!: Mine did break too. I ended up buying a box grater soon after I bought this one. When I did use it I was more worried about cutting my self because it was so unstable. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this product!,
81460,__label__1,"World's worst cheese grater: DO NOT BUY THIS. It breaks in 4 places on the large hole shredder side even with light pressure and soft cheeses like brie. Only moderately hard cheeses like cheddar or moderate pressure will breaks it after very little use, as mine did, and which I had to repair with super-glue. The plastic is poor quality (i.e., too weak for intended use and this design) and the design is faulty (too little plastic aroun each metal shred grid). Best to buy an old style handle-at-top all-metal one at thrift store or Goodwill rather than this extemely poor product. A complete waste of money and time, in repairs. OXO usually makes fine products. This is not one of them.",
81461,__label__1,"Mine Broke, Too!: I had my grater for about a year, and washed it by hand the whole time, never in a dishwasher, and the cheap plastic cracked and soon completely fell apart. I thought that the collapsable design would be great, but I think that I would prefer a sturdy box grater any day. I love oxo, but what a waste of money.",
81462,__label__1,"Fails the test: My wife and I have had very good experiences with OXO products, and after handling this grater in a store we expected to continue that experience.However, after a very short period of use (we use a grater every day for grating cheese - both hard and firm - for personal use) the plastic frame began to crack and disintegrate, rendering the grater useless.",
81463,__label__1,"OXO is slacking: I am usually a fan of OXO products but I have noticed lately that they are not as good as they used to be with shoddy execution or questionable workmanship. I, like everyone else, was hoping this would be the solution to my storage issues with graters but it proved useless less than a year later and with little use to stress the thing out (almond paste and cheddar cheese were the only things I used it for). It developed cracks in the plastic that are impossible to repair. Also, I do not think this is a good grater for the supposed market of arthritic people - it can be difficult to put together.So, in short, it stinks for those suffering pain in their hands and for those who cook. Save your money and just buy a KitchenAid grater.",
81464,__label__1,"great grater .... but not for long: I originally got this grater about two years ago and gave it a very good rating based on the ease of use and cleaning; however, I am amending my opinion after having small cracks appear in the plastic beside both grating surfaces. These cracks quickly grew bigger until finally the item is unusable.I guess for the low price you can buy a new one every couple of years but really, a kitchen tool should last longer than a year or two. I'd rather pay more and have it last. It seems that many people have been having this same problem.Good design. Flawed execution. This will make me think twice before buying an OXO product again!",
81465,__label__1,"It broke in a month: I have enjoyed OXO products in the past, so when my last grater failed, I decided to try the OXO grater. Unfortunately, the plastic broke in less than a month. It was also a bit clumsy to use. Why aren't there more choices made entirely of stainless steel, in easy to store shapes?",
81466,__label__1,"Do your research before you purchase this product:: I was considering this grater, based on the overall quality of the OXO line of gadgets and the ease of storage, until I had a chance to view it at a local brick and morter store. The concept is a good idea, but, when open, the grater does not sit and stay in a stable manner. I would be hard conviced that during a grating process that the whole thing would not collapse. Did not impress me as the safest tool to be using.Couple that with the fact that for the serious cook, you are limited in your choices of different grate and slice sizes, I would not recommend this item. There are better choices, with more functions and a stable footing out there.",
81467,__label__1,Mrs: Do not buy this item unless you do not mind replacing it in 3 months. The plastic quickly broke after only few months use the handle is no longer good and I would absolutely not buy this item again!!,
81468,__label__1,"Garbage!!!!!: Very poorly designed!!!Extremely weak along the edges!!Cracked after a couple uses!Doesn't Oxo have a quality control department and test their own products?There's no excuse for selling complete junk like this, it boarders on fraud!Oxo, you're ruining your name!Two thumbs down!!!!",
81469,__label__1,"CAUTION! DO NOT BUY!!: I put this grater on my wedding registry because I liked the fold-up, space-saving, and ergo-friendly design. BIG MISTAKE! Where do I begin? First, it tries to fold up while you're grating cheese, which is downright annoying, so I started using it unassembled, which worked for a very short while until it cracked (about the 5th time I used it). Then it cracked more. And more. And more, until all that was left was the metal grating plate. Even though it hurts to hold it while grating, and it's highly inconvenient, I've been using it this way for 4 years now, since I refuse to buy a new grater until I'm sure I find one that won't fall apart like this one. And because, believe it or not, the metal grater itself, is really perfect. I just wish they'd found a housing for it that actually works!",
81470,__label__1,"cheap material, breaks easily: I was disappointed that this grater only lasted for a couple of weeks. At first it broke into two pieces, so I could only use one half (even when it stood upright as pictured, it never did stay open or grip the counter- it was never stable, and either closed or fell down while grating). Then I was left with a flat grater that was difficult to use. The piece that was left cracked on the corners, and broke apart within a couple of uses. Usually Oxo makes great products. This is not a good product. Save your money and buy a different model grater. You will be happier with an all metal model for sure!",
81471,__label__1,"A Bad design, made with inferior materials: I was looking for a grater that was easy to clean. This one seems like a good idea... until it collapses on you. The sides don't spread apart far enough, so it is unstable and without proper pressure it folds up. With proper pressure it works until the plastic breaks. I'm surprised Oxo designed this. I'll be going back to the old fashion ""box"" style grater.",
81472,__label__1,"Horrid, Not Oxo Quality: Plastic broke within a couple uses. I learned to read reviews before buying, even if the brand seems reliable.",
81473,__label__1,"Another broken grater: I had hopes when I bought this one, as I have usually had success with OXO products.Sadly, this grater was not one of those successes. I didn't pay a lot for it, around $10 and it lasted about 6 months. But the plastic gave way on the sides, so now I only have the side that is for finer grating. Which I don't do that often. The cracks start at the corners of the steel grating piece and eventually they just break completely.It needs a stronger design and then it would be much better.",
81474,__label__1,"Cracked almost immediately - does not live up to Oxo reputation: I have owned many other Oxo products and purchased this based on my satisfaction with those items. However, the Multi-Grater failed miserably. Within weeks of moderate use, the plastic shell cracked. I continued to use it gingerly for several more weeks until the entire product snapped in half. Not recommended at all.",
81475,__label__1,"OK design, poor materials: I like the design of this grater: it doesn't take up much space and is easy to clean because it comes apart. Unfortunately, the white plastic broke in several places after only a few months of use.",
81476,__label__1,"The poorest Oxo product I've ever purchased: I LOVE Oxo's Good Grips products, so I had high hopes for this cheese grater. After only a few uses, the plastic casing cracked, making it unstable & difficult to use. Pass on this grater & go for one with more metal.",
81477,__label__1,"May be great, but you'll never get it.: Just like kecksburg65, I ordered a subscription back in Dec 03 and 3 months later have received nothing but grief. I submitted a customer service request weeks ago, and got no response. When I got them on the phone, they told me they now expect that nothing will be delivered until at least 6 months after the order date.I don't know if this is just the worst customer service I've ever experienced, or if these guys are just unbelievably bad with units of time. Magazine Express claims they'll get back to you in 5-7 days, well, it's weeks. Amazon's claims delivery in 4-6 weeks.. wrong again.. it's months.At least this gives me an opportunity to learn about reversing charges.",
81478,__label__1,Wasted money: I ordered this back in December 2003 and as of March 2004 still have not received any issue. The Magazine Express service that coordinates these subscriptions provides no customer service and Amazon won't do anything about it either. Don't bother ordering this unless you just want to throw money away because they will bill your credit card and give you nothing in return. Amazon doesn't care about providing customer service on this and all Magazine Express is interested in is your money.,
81479,__label__1,"DON'T ORDER THIS: It's hard to add something new to what's already been said. I placed this order as a gift back in October of 2006 and here it is almost the end of February of 2007 and STILL no magazine! Amazon tells you to call Magazine Express which handles the magazine orders. However the Magazine Express customer service is a joke at best, and they do NOTHING to try to correct the problem. They promise to check into it and call you back, but they never do. And like the others have said, Amazon doesn't provide customer service on magazine subscriptions either. Obviously neither Amazon nor Magazine Express care about helping customers with problems. I guess I'll end up like the customer ""ggruschow"" and end up learning about their cancellation and refund policy. If THAT exists. Just an awful, awful, awful experience...",
81480,__label__1,VERY BAD SERVICE: LIKE OTHER PEOPLE I'VE BEEN VERY UPSET WITH EXPRESS MAGIT TOOK MONTHS BEFORE I'VE GOT 1 MAGAZINE THEN I HAD TO CALL THEM AGAIN AND AGAIN... THEY SENT ME 3 TIMES THE SAME MAGAZINE THEN NOTHING ! DO NOT BUY THIS,
81481,__label__2,"Another great singer from Brazil: This is a delightful disc from Brazil, which seems to have more than its fair share of great singers. After hearing a few cuts from this disc over a car radio while stuck in traffic in So Paulo about a month ago, I bought a copy on the same day, and I haven't been disappointed. It's too bad that Leila Pinheiro isn't better known in the States!",
81482,__label__1,"Don't Buy Anything from Tiger Direct: Don't order anything from Tiger Direct! When I received this item, the USB power cord was missing and the manufacturer was different from the one I ordered. I wasn't surprised that there was a problem because right on top of the package was a form with the procedure for returning items. When I called Tiger Direct, I was disconnected multiple times but finally got through their maze of a phone system. I was told that they could not just ship me the missing cable. I had to repack everything in the original boxes, ship it back AT MY OWN EXPENSE and wait for them to approve the return before they would ship me a new item. What kind of customer service is that?",
81483,__label__1,"Could damage some notebooks! Beware!: I would buy this except the airflow is wrong for my laptop and I believe could damage it. Averatec notebooks are very powerful packages for a relatively modest price, however they do run hot, just like their more expensive cousins. I do need a cooler, but it has to be one that blows air toward the bottom of the case, since that is where the air intake is located. A negative pressure would work against the computer cooling fan and would likely in higher internal temperature. The widely distributed Targus works the same way. I don't know how many laptops have the air intake on the bottom, but that is something to check before buying one of these coolers. Amazon could really help by being sure that the information was included in the description of all such coolers. Some tell you and some don't. I'm still looking.",
81484,__label__2,I have enjoyed this set of movies...: I have enjoyed these movies and plan to watched them over and over throughout the Christmas Season. Nothing's better than a funny movie to brighten the Holidays! Hope you enjoy them as much as I have.,
81485,__label__2,"AWESOME!: We bought this video for our youth group not sure what to expect! I can't tell you how awesome this movie was. It made us think about things we hadn't thought about before. I would recommend everyone to watch this. These guys were hilarious! Didn't expect it to be that great, but definately pleasantly surprised at how amazing it was! Buy it, you won't be dissapointed!",
81486,__label__2,"Well done film with great message!: ""Beware of Christians"" is an amazing film that encourages and convicts. With the goal to challenge young adults to live out their faith, ""Beware of Christians"" is not your average cheesy christian movie. It is well done and entertaining. You can really see the guys' heart for the Lord grow as they travel through Europe and discuss what it truly means to be a follower of Christ. I recommend all young adults see this movie!",
81487,__label__1,"Not What I Expected: Before I say why I didn't like the film that much, let me say that this film is for the younger generation (up to college age); not older adults. After I received the movie, five of us watched it but only two finished watching it. My niece and I were the only two that finished the movie, however, overall I wasn't a big fan either. My niece was the only one that thought it was a good movie but she is also the only one that is college age.The concept was fabulous, the film just didn't live up to the concept. Alot of good questions were asked, and struggles shown, but no real solutions. We all have struggles but I was hoping to use the film to help others find solutions to those struggles. Not just talk about them and then end the movie basically in the same situation...struggling. But then again, maybe that's reality. However, I do wish they had some sort of hope and direction to help solve it.",
81488,__label__2,"I've passed it on!: This movie was good enough that I've passed it on to my local Teen group (majority of them are boys ~ which they will easily relate to). An honest look at this world and the ""pleasures"" it offers. These pleasures are momentary. The phrase that comes to mind is ""There are a lot of people who believe in Jesus, but they don't FOLLOW Jesus."" That's what needs to transpire. Jesus wants you to follow him. Not a church, not a doctrine, not a philosophy. Him. Simply Him.",
81489,__label__1,"BEWARE OF CHRISTAINS: TREBBILE DON""T GET IT WASTE OF MONEY.IT DOESN""T LEAD PEOPLE TO CHRIST.ITS NOT WORTH THE MONEY. ITS A WASTE MONEY.",
81490,__label__1,"Beware of this DVD!: It is so poorly filmed and edited, I couldn't find the point. It's about a bunch of (rich?) college kids visiting every country in Europe and behaving like the ugly Americans. Don't buy this. If you MUST see it, rent it instead, but I bet you can't sit thru the whole thing. Don't worry about younger kids seeing this- they'll be so bored they'll get up and leave. More like a Bevis and Butthead do Europe.",
81491,__label__1,"didnt really like it: a little too corny, just about the same as watching someone elses family vacation movie.Perhaps future productions will be better.",
81492,__label__1,did not hold my interest: I never finished watching it. I tried watching it with a 12 year old and neither one of us liked it. I'm 67.,
81493,__label__2,Great Movie: This is a great movie to show a youth group or group of college kids. Really inspires people to learn what it means to follow Jesus. Most Americans really don't know what it means to give up everything and follow Jesus. This movie inspires people to do just that.,
81494,__label__1,"Beware Catholics, of Trojan Horse: I bought the DVD with a chance it might be a positive witness for teens and a forum for discussing faith in Jesus Christ to offset difficult cultural influences. I should have suspected a trojan horse with a cover picture in front of St Peter's Basilica. I found most discussions and topics acceptable to a Catholic audience. However, an unsupported and repeated claim that Jesus did not found a Church will not fly in Catholic circles. Try to find that claim in scripture without ignoring direct wording to the contrary! Fundamentalists should find this section righteous, but for a Catholic, unless you want to have scripture interpreted for you by young fledgling college students with no philosophy or theology study, I suggest you pass on this video.",
81495,__label__1,"The Thought Process Was?: Okay, expected something totally different like something powerful or meaningful.It was silly, boring and a waste of time and money.",
81496,__label__1,"Self-reinforcing for evangelicals: I confess that I could not finish watching this film because it was incredibly boring. The previous reviews are all correct: these guys represent every stereotype of the ugly American, expressing complete ignorance about everything in other countries. They seemed to completely lack self-awareness and express surprise that anyone wouldn't be evangelical. Maybe this film could be meaningful for evangelicals who want to learn what non-Christians or former Christians believe, but I highly doubt that anyone who wants real dialogue or ecumenical understanding will find it here.",
81497,__label__1,"Meh, it's a filmed sermon that I don't mind watching: I will preface this with the fact that I am an atheist.The introduction to this film is misleading because the guys say they're questioning their faith when they are really focused on defining Christianity for themselves. Their exploration is flawed since they interview primarily American tourists and other English speakers. I disagree with some of their beliefs (i.e: Pre-Marital Sex/ Marriage is Between a Man and a Woman), especially the discussion of trying to sway non-believers to convert by doing good.The overall message is still good that they're focused on becoming better people and focusing on the core of Christian values. So meh, because I don't agree with a lot of their spiritual beliefs, but I'll give it 2 stars for working on being better, nonjudgemental people.",
81498,__label__1,Not impressed: Very slow... hard to get into... never got past the first 30-minutes. Maybe better suited for college/high school students. not recommended.,
81499,__label__1,Beware of Beware of Christians: We watched for about 35 minutes before we realized we were totally wasting our time. Threw it in the garbage. I'm embarrassed to say I spent almost 10 dollars on this movie.,
81500,__label__1,"VERY SSLLLLOOOOWWW Movie: This movie is very slow and comes across as more preachy than inspirational, could not finish the first half of the movie.",
81501,__label__2,Entertaining and thought provoking: Entertaining and thought provoking. A good honest look at what the American church has become and what it should be.,
81502,__label__1,Amazon not authorized dealer: Luminox has a two year warranty. After 11 months the stem came completly out of the watch. Luminox would not fix it under warranty because they said Amazon was not an authorized dealer. Beware.,
81503,__label__1,You're better off with a Timex: At least Timex customer service gets the watch back in under a month.I bought the watch the end of March. By June the crystal had a crack in it. It's not like I'm a rock climber -- there was no impact of which I'm aware. Luminox customer service makes it clear that the crystal isn't covered -- but it will take over a month for them to replace it (for $65 with shipping!) and get it back. Really sorry that I bought this watch.,
81504,__label__2,great watch: got this for my husband for christmas. Watch is great for night work. nylon band is cheap and tore off in 8 days.,
81505,__label__2,"Good Basic Watch: I don't dive, but got tired of my watches getting moisture in them due to frequent hand washing, car washing, etc... This is a great water proof watch and the luminous features are wonderful. No buttons to hit, just look and see the time in any level of darkness.",
81506,__label__1,"Disappointing: This band is defiantly not for water, it remains wet for hours and catches bad odorI had to replace the band.The watch is also disappointing looks more a toy watch than a military.",
81507,__label__2,Great Godly music!: my wife and I love Southern gospel music. This CD is great and we sing along with it each time we play it.,
81508,__label__1,"YUCK! But there is one great song: Take the rock group Yes... remove the awesome guitars, virtuous bass, bombastic drums, innovative keyboards, strong songwriting skills and group dynamic and what you have left is this.Jon Anderson has a weird, high pitched voice that is fine when laid against the backdrop of Yes but on its own, it is a bit grating. The eccentric lyrics, that you do not pay much attention to because of the incredible virtuosity of the musicians, also sounds silly. THis is boring elevator music with lyrics.However, ""I'll find my way home"" is a stunning and majestic masterpiece of sheer beauty. If a used cd is less than $8, the one song is worth the purchase.",
81509,__label__2,"Jon and Vangelis are Ethereal: You can't go wrong with Jon and Vangelis, period. They work together so well it's amazing. This albums music is truly great and the title of the album belittles it's depth.",
81510,__label__2,"Great vocals and electroic styles: In a effort to update my music collection, I was glad to see this on CD. My old vinyl copyis getting a little worn, so a remastered copy is welcome. Sounds even better than I remembered.A ""Must Add"" for those who like great music of any type.",
81511,__label__2,"Good Best Of Collection.....: ....but WHY ON EARTH did they edit out the 30 second begining of ""I Hear You Now"" ???? OH! I just Hate when they do things like that!!!Otherwise....very satisfied.The old geezer",
81512,__label__1,"Was Great, Now Terrible: I got this product about a year before I really started using it, when I got my driver's license. I was doubtful of the sound quality of adapting through the cassette deck, but it was cheaper than an FM transmitter. It actually sounds really great, and there's really no distinguishable loss in sound quality. The only downside was that it constantly clicked all the time (the cassette itself, not the sound from the stereo), but I only noticed it when the volume was very low or silent.Then it changed. Now, after about 2 months of use, it has lost all ability to play midrange, and instead crackles loudly in its place. Turning the midrange all the way off solves this, but then you've got no midrange.",
81513,__label__2,"This is a fantastic value: What a great little item. I have a ten year old vehicle that has nice speakers, but only a cassette/radio combo. This pops into the cassette player and the little cord hangs out the front to attach to the iPod. Works great and I can adjust the sound either from the iPod, the cassette, or both. I was a little concerned at first, because it would pop itself out the first couple of times I tried to use it. The unit is shaped just like a cassette and I suspect it just had to get ""seated"" into my older player unit which has played a lot of cassettes in ten years. So after maybe 1-2 days of it being finnicky and popping out, it is happily staying in through bumps and whatever, until I decide to eject it. I highly recommend this for a low tech, high quality solution!",
81514,__label__1,"DREADFUL Writing ruins what should be an important book: This is the only book I've ever taken back to the store because the writing wasn't good enough to be read -- no exaggeration, this reads like a sixth-grader wrote it; it's awful. Somebody should devote some quality time to the history behind Skynyrd -- they're critically important, and deserve the attention. They most certainly deserve more than this crummy book offers.",
81515,__label__1,"Not a very good book.: This book may please casual fans or beginners to the Southern Rock genre. It's poorly written and hardly offers any insight to Lynyrd Skynyrd. There are a lot of errors and gaps, which will leave you with more questions about this band than before reading it. No extensive discography (I'm still wondering about the exact order of Muscle Shoals material) or any revelations concerning releases or the band and its members. Feels like a lot of gossip and hearsay. Definitely not satisfying. One star is for doing a book on Southern Rock.",
81516,__label__2,"Good Book: I liked this book. The stories are very entertaining and I learned a great deal about the Band from the very early days until now. It's quite a story and much deeper than I had known. For that alone, I appreciated the book. While everything obviously hasn't been rosy and there are disagreements today, I felt the book was fair. I enjoyed the pace of the book and would recommend it as a ""must read"" for any Skynyrd fan.",
81517,__label__2,"A MUST HAVE FOR ANY SKYNYRD FAN!: This is a greatly indept book that was highly researched. Although some events in the book may sound questionable, Marley Brant clearly states that he took all sides of the stories and put them in there. This book is so direct that it actualy stired up some bad blood with the band today. The book tells the story of the band from its days as One Percent to the rebirth of the band after the plane crash. Along with being a great read it is also accompied with alot of rare photos. CLEARLY A MUST HAVE FOR ANY SKYNYRD FAN!",
81518,__label__2,"Good Book - Don't Miss It: LYNYRD SKYNYRD is an enjoyable, well written book. It tracks the band from its scrappy beginnings to international recognition, honky tonks to stadiums.I liked quite a few things about this book. Author Brant conducted many personal interviews and the resulting first person accounts made for very interesting, often amusing and occasionally poignant reading. There were also wonderful photographs, many I had never seen and I am a longtime fan. The story was told chronologically and that made for easy reading, as the book has quite a cast of characters.I would recommend this book to a friend without hesitation.",
81519,__label__2,"Fast exchange for defective first cartridge!!!!!!: First cartridge received was defective, it was leaving a 1/4 inch black line on the left side of every page. Fast to ship replacement cartridge! Can't say enought about this vendor!!!!",
81520,__label__2,"Good Music--Very Comfortable: After nearing Bill Staines on the internet radio, I purchased this CD and have been very happy. Jonn-Denver type work but with a better voice. I plan to continue adding to my library with more Bill Staines recordings.",
81521,__label__1,"Very confusing: This is the worst Algebra book that I have ever come across. I love Algebra and I bought this book just for brushing up and enjoyment purposes. There does not seem to be any rhyme or reason as to the order of the book and the instructions are very confusing.Don't waste your money on this book a much better book is Maran's Illustrated Effortless Algebra. It is a basic Algebra book that is excellent. Its directions are easy to follow and the illustrations are excellent. College Algebra Demystified is also a good book with lots of practice problems, but the explanations are best in Maran's.",
81522,__label__1,"Not Good: In several weeks time, I've been going back and forth with Cliffs notes and Schaum's outline of algebra. Thus far, I'm happier with Schaum's than Cliffs. Cliff's is incredibly vague (as is Schaum's, but less often) and so much so that it hampers the scholar from fully grasping the concepts. A major, albeit reoccurring issue I encounter with math guides is that they are way too vague, or they're missing some steps, which happen to be critical in the comprehension of the topic. I can assure you that if you purchase Cliffs notes that you will be overwhelmingly frustrated and irate. Take my word despite other reviews.",
81523,__label__2,Listening to real Audio Song Clips: This is my first time to enter the programme and I really want to learn what real metal music you would supply on the line. Many thanks for let me join you.kean NG.,
81524,__label__2,"GREAT music! a definate must-have!: All i have to say is that this is the best album i have ever heard. I wasn't alive at the time this came out (I'm only 14) but my parents took out their records and now im hooked! Even if u don't think u like Elton, once u hear this...u will!",
81525,__label__2,"A genuine classic: If you were to own one EJ album this would be it. The songs on GYBR display the brilliant songwriting shown on the albums leading up to it, but with a fresh kick in the pants energy that places it firmly at the forefront of 70s pop rock.",
81526,__label__2,A Classic: The best thing Elton ever put out. The lesser known songs are better than the hit songs. It is a valued edition to my collection. You will not go wrong buying this one.,
81527,__label__2,"Best John/Taupin collaboration: In my opinion this is the best of the John/Taupin collaboration.At what is still the most prolific period for the two of them, it seemed they couldn't record the music fast enough.The result of this was the Goodbye Yellow Brick Road double album, which encompasses a broad range of material that is very strong from beginning to end.Many people overlook some of the lesser known tracks that didn't get a lot of radio play, which is too bad, as they are some of the best material Elton John has ever recorded, and are what make this release so good.A must have recording for the Elton John fan!",
81528,__label__2,Goodbye Yellow Brick Road(vinyl): I was very pleased with your product. There were hardly and(if none at all!)scratches on the vinyl. I aws happily surprised to find the lyrics to the sondgs on the inside of the album. And it arrived in such a short time! Thank you so much! It came fron Amazon.,
81529,__label__2,Love this album: This was always one of my favorite albums and I think Elton John's best album. He does so many different sounds on it and as usual his piano playing is great.,
81530,__label__1,"Poor in Stereo: The sound is very crisp and detailed and when it comes to surround sound I have to defer to those who have reviewed it in that format.However, avoid this version if you only intend to listen in stereo and buy the SACD instead. I found that the choir in Candle in the Wind just about vanishes, as does the electric guitar in Funeral for a Friend.",
81531,__label__2,"ELTON HIMSELF KNEW THIS WOULD BE A TOUGH ONE TO TOP: This disc was the one that secured ELTON AS A SUPERSTAR.and why not it contains both AM and FM radio plays plus so many now big big songs FUNERAL ,CANDLE,BENNIE,YELLOW BRICK ROAD as well as SATURDAY and HARMONY the greatest hits plus some super album tracks like the haunting I'VE SEEN THAT MOVIE TOO and the delightful ROY ROGERS.The first double besides THE BEATLES WHITE ALBUM as a kid i purchased.Which made me an ELTON JOHN FAN.",
81532,__label__2,"the last of the great ones: I think this was a turning point in his career- when commercialism began to matter maybe more than artistic excellence- even though this album has plenty of the latter. I do not think Elton knew how to deal with his fame and got carried away with his ego and less with his abilities. His albums AFTER this one do not come close to the earlier ones like Tumbleweed, Madman, Honky Chateau or Don't Shoot Me. GYBR is a very good album- with some great material. A few of my favorites are Sweet Painted Lady, Grey Seal, All the Young Girls Love Alice, Funeral/Love Lies Bleeding, Danny Bailey, I've Seen that Movie too. Definitely worth buying! I just wish Elton hadn't lost his amazing creative touch captured in large part on this album.",
81533,__label__1,"NOT A GREAT SET: I just did not like how they made this cd sound fake and the songs were not that good.I have a set of the yellow brick road that is just red book and it sounds great bought it at w-----t for 5.00. I used my Classe pre ,amp, oppo 83 es player.My other set up is a INTERGA 9.8 PRE AMP,SONY 9000ES AMP, SONY ES CD PLAYER. THANK YOU",
81534,__label__2,"Quintessential Elton John: While Crocodile Rock may have been his major springboard (Don't Shoot Me ... 1972), the 16 songs featured on Goodbye Yellow Brick Road are arguably the finest of his many collaborations with Bernie Taupin. From the solemn-turned-rocking Funeral for a Friend/Loves Lies Bleeding to the whimsical ballad Harmony, John gives us a splendid example of what one writer once labeled as ""his superlative musical perception."" And few albums spotlight the talents of supporting cast like this: Nigel Olsson in particular deserves major applause for his drumming technique, especially on Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding. I loved this album when it first appeared on vinyl, and I love it as much today on CD.",
81535,__label__2,"Elton's Sgt. Pepper: Goodbye Yellow Brick Road was the 2nd album I ever bought, and still in my all time top five. It's taken about 30 years, but I finally realized that it was intentionally modeled after the Beatles classic Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. Consider:Both albums start with a medley of two inseparable tracks. (Funeral For a Friend / Love Lies Bleeding vs Sgt Pepper / With A Little Help from My Friends).Both contain tracks segued by animal noises. Both contain tracks intended to sound live but actually recorded in the studio. (Bennie & the Jets / Within You Without You)Elton was a huge Beatles fan and within a year of recording this album covered Lucy In the Sky with Diamonds.",
81536,__label__2,"Wow, Ain't Technology Great!: We All know Elton John's signature album. It has it's own unique place in history.This repoduction is stunning! Essential for any EJ fan.- FB",
81537,__label__2,Elton! Elton!: This is one of my favorite Elton John albums. I had it on vinyl when it first came out (was that yesterday?) and bought it recently as a CD because of technology.,
81538,__label__2,"One of Elton's best albums...: ...is at once sprawling and a little unfocused. Originally released on MCA as a double LP and later as a double CD set, *Goodbye Yellow Brick Road* covers a lot of ground, from John Lennon (""Funeral For A Friend"") to prostitutes (""Sweet Painted Lady""), teenage lesbians (""All The Girls Love Alice""), a scathing indictment of how the Hollywood star system builds people up only to tear them down (""Candle In The Wind""), and gangsters (""The Ballad of Danny Bailey (1909-34)""). Many great tracks are here: the title track; ""Bennie and the Jets""; ""Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting""; ""Grey Seal""; and ""Love Lies Bleeding"". Highly recommended.",
81539,__label__1,"Elton John Goodbye yellow Brick Road: I have now owned 3 separate copies of the 1st CD of this 2-disc set for the Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Album. i have been trying for years to obtain the entire album. disc 1 is only the 1st 8 songs of 17 songs. none of the sellers i inquire with can confirm if they are selling the entire album. since I have too many of disc #1, if anyone knows where i can get the 2nd disc, songs 9 to 17, or even the entire 2-disc set as a used CD, let me know. my purchase price was refunded by amazon since this was not what i expected to get. the seller did not even know it was supposed to be a 2-disc set!",
81540,__label__2,"A CLASSIC IT REMAINS: The two records that made ELTON JOHN an international pop star still delivers after all those years.What amazes me here is the variety of songs in styles that ELTON is able to maintain.It is a perfect showcase for his talents as composer.It starts with a progressive song complete with an overture(FUNERAL FOR A FRIEND),and along the way ballads are featured(CANDLE IN THE WIND,GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD)country delights(SWEET PAINTED LADY,ROY ROGERS),reggae(JAMAICA JERK-OFF),and rockers(SATURDAY NIGHTS ALL RIGHT FOR FIGHTING),and even a cute dummy tune(BENNY AND THE JETS).There is absolutely no fillers here.This is a perfect offering;a great double set like very few.Double albums of the time were often disapointing, because they were overstretching a lot.Everybody will find songs that they enjoyed here.A must",
81541,__label__2,"Just great stuff: From ""All the Girls Love Alice"" to ""Harmony,"" this is one great album. That's all I have to say!",
81542,__label__1,"Discs dont work as they should: I bought two copies of this SACD, both had glitches and would not play in my player correctly, be forewarned. I dont have any other problems with other SACDs so I assume it is in the production somewhere. They would lock up for no reason, this is right out of the box, both copies.",
81543,__label__1,"Screw Bernie Taupin: I was never a big fan of Bernie Taupin's lyrics, which is too bad because Elton himself is a great pianist and has a way with a melody too. Bernie's lyrics positvely blow, however, and get in the way of Elton himself. Songs like the obnoxiously homophobic All the Young Girls Love Alice, racist and sexist Sweet Painted Lady, I've Seen That Movie Too and This Song Has No Title have some of the worst lyrics ever. And some of the songs are awful even without the lyrics: the supremely annoying hit Bennie and the Jets, Roy Rogers, Social Disease, Ballad of Danny Bailey, I've Seen That Movie Too...Anyway, there are only five songs I do like on this album: Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding, Candle in the Wind, title track, Grey Seal and Saturday Night's All Right for Fighting. But this is one thin album outside of those - I'd recommend the self-titled record, Madman Across the Water and Don't Shoot Me I'm Only the Piano Player instead.",
81544,__label__1,"Wicked Album: It sounds like the Wicked Witch of the West is singing!!! Hey Elton, where's Dorothy??? You need to go see the Wizard so he can give you some talent, because this album sucks!!!",
81545,__label__1,"Won't Play: Brand new out of the box wouldn't play on my Sony DVP-S9000ES SACD player. The track side of the discs has a gold color which may be why my player shows a dirty disc error. Confirmed conflict with player, just ripped it on my computer, sounds great! Planning on a new OPPO BDP-83 UniversalGoodbye Yellow Brick Road (30th Anniversary Deluxe Edition)Player, hope I don't have a problem there.",
81546,__label__1,"Tinny Sound: The sound on this cd was very bad. Using my imagination I could hear the way the songs sounded originally, but this cd was a big disappointment. Would not recommend it to anyone.",
81547,__label__1,Gotta buy whole album for one song!: I love Elton John and wanted to buy some songs off Goodbye Yellow Brick Road but Funeral for a Friend can only be purchased by getting the whole album. Sucks!,
81548,__label__2,"Brand new reissue of Yellow Brick Road: I've been looking for a vinyl copy of this LP for a long time and came across this 2008 reissue. I was hesitant at first because of the price but I am very happy with it. The quality of the recording is very good as was the packaging etc. Of course, there are some differences from the original 1983 releases, changes in the jacket, the record lable etc but they got it close and, as I said, the sound on this record is very good and clean.",
81549,__label__2,"Sgt. Pepper, The White Album, then this.: This album is one of the best pop albums of the seventies. Elton was at his peak and the band was tight - at least in the studio. While everyone has heard Candle in the Wind ad nauseum, what many listeners may not realize is that for every hit on this album - title track included - this album features some of the best album oriented pop ever produced. The Ballad of Danny Bailey, Harmony, Roy Rogers, and Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting are the kind of story tunes that draw you in and sparkle with John/Taupin genius. While many modern albums these days give you one or two hits with a selection of poor to mediocre tunes, every song here is a gem. If you weren't around in the seventies, pick this up and listen to some of the best white bread pop ever produced. The re-mastered version actually adds to the experience. Should be in any serious collection.",
81550,__label__1,"This printing is GARBAGE.: I agree with the first reviewer. Mill's work is spectacular, but this printing is an INSULT to a great thinker and human being. The text is barely legible, and in the copy I received a number of pages had the text cropped off on the left side. Unbelievable that anyone thinks they can sell this for 40 dollars! It's really a disgrace. I would have written to the publisher, but I didn't see an address. Pitiful, just pitiful.",
81551,__label__2,"West Coast Jazz In Hi Fi: This is a splendid album. There is West Coast Jazz and there's west coast jazz. This one is absolute top. No wonder if you read the names of the performers. All of them them top musicians with quite a history. Top talents.The technical quality is high and increases the pleasure when listening.I acquired the CD from The Music Store via Amazon. The jewel case was damaged. When I mentioned this to the seller, he immediately suggested to send an empty replacement. This excellent service made it all the more a super trophy.",
81552,__label__2,Close up photos with lots of detail: I love that the photos are very well done. You really get to see all of the layers of luxurious fabrics and trims that cloth these mystical beings. I've had my book for over a year now and I still go back to it regularly to take it all in.I recommend this for anyone who loves faeries. Wendy's creations are about the closest you can get to seing them in the flesh.,
81553,__label__2,"elegant observations: The best aspect of this book is how it explains to an educated reader, who is not an astronomer or physicist, the latest results that confirm Einstein's theories. It is still not a light breezy read. While non-mathematical, you do still need to pay attention to the various concepts as Keel explains them.Some of the observations are very elegant, like gravitational microlensing. And the analysis of the vast data accumulated from IRAS, Hubble and Chandra. What is impressive is how lensing is now no longer used as a test of General Relativity, but as an extremely powerful ""telescope"" in its own right.",
81554,__label__2,"3rd barons trilogy of adventure!: This 3rd installment was a fun ride and read. The pace is fast and furious. If you like your action/adventure like this, then this ones for you. Not the best deathlands ever written but definately not the worst either. It was interesting with mutants running amok and bullets flying everywhere! Deathlands fans will have fun with this one.",
81555,__label__1,"Do not buy this product!: We own several OXO products, and love them all...except this one. We liked the ""Good Grips"" handle and the rounded brush. Beyond that, it is useless. The sponge never recieves enough soap, which is frustrating, and the durability is nil. After less that a week, on average, the sponge separates from the plastic backing that attaches it to the soap dispensing handle, rendering it useless. The sponge is barely worn, yet you have to throw it out and buy a new one. This is disappointing for a company that seems to have such well made products. We sent an e-mail describing the design problem to OXO customer service, and did not recieve a satisfactory reply. I hope they listen to their customers and pull this off the market, and replace it with a more durable product.",
81556,__label__1,"I AGREE: Bad Product: I agree with all the other reviews! The sponge separates from the plastic after only a few weeks! I actually came to Amazon to see if they sell additional sponges, but after seeing that EVERYONE else is having the same problem, I've come to the conclusion that I would be saving more money if I just threw the thing away and bought a different brand. I LOVE all my other OXO products....",
81557,__label__1,"Soap Dispenser - A misnomer: This brush has to be coaxed and begged, to allow the soap to come out! Do not buy this product, I bought a couple for my wife and her friends, and now every time I am in the kitchen with my wife, and she's washing the dishes I get the evil eye. One of the sponges unstuck from the brush within two weeks. Her friend's brush broke while she was trying to take off the sponge.This is really a poor design for a company with such a big reputation. I hope they read this and re-design this product.",
81558,__label__1,"Ripoff on sponges: I feel like it is a big ripoff to keep buying new sponges and to have them come unglued after a few uses. I cannot believe that a company of this size cannot find a better solution to the problem. I also feel that you are taking peoples money by selling a good washer and then selling inferior sponges. Once you have the washer it is natural to buy refills, and by the time you figure out that the product is defective you have already thrown away the wrapper and have no recourse, but to not buy more.",
81559,__label__1,"Poor showing from a great brand: I bought this thinking I would love it as much as every other OXO product I own - boy was I wrong. The sponge constantly twisted off the handle during use, and after just two weeks, the tabs that connect the sponge to the handle broke off completely. This product does not live up to the OXO name. Go buy a cheap no-name brand; you'll be happier with it's performance.",
81560,__label__2,excellent book: Probably the best book on the subject of the Model A Ford. In depth coverage of even the smallest detail of these cars.,
81561,__label__2,Great book for Model A fans!: Got this book as a gift for my husband who has two Model A Fords. Book is hard to find so I would advise buying when available. Wonderful collection of photos and information for owners as well as those who just love the Model A's.Beautiful cover. Makes a great gift.,
81562,__label__2,"This is called Trance: This is a great trance album. Granted, it's not the best out there. And it's very general trance. But I think the previous reviewers must have been expecting something else. A LOT of trance is somewhat repitious - thus inducing a trance-like state. I have heard trance attempts that got TOO repititious, and this is not it. There are a few songs here that could have been better, but none of them are bad. If you just want break beats and drum & bass, go check out Digital Empire: DJ Girl. Plenty of that there. If you want good general trance, get this album. If you want GREAT goa trance, check out Hallucinogen (Shpongle) and Pleiadians.",
81563,__label__2,"star-studded trance performance: in short, this is a quality cd that is worth my time to review it. Sasha and others are among the few that have awesome tracks with different sounds and a trance journey that is like no other. Digital Empire does it again.",
81564,__label__2,Great Trance album: I got this for $3.00 and it was totally worth it. It has a small variety of trance. One of my favorites.,
81565,__label__1,"Blander than a lettuce sandwich: I can't say anything particularly good about this CD. Robert Miles' Children is good, as always, but I sure as hell wouldn't buy this CD just for that song. This CD is lots of endless beats with a serious lack of climax. Booooring!!",
81566,__label__1,"Wheres the hype?: Theres only one description for this CD...""boring"" The only time I felt the music in this CD was when I finally heard the song ""Children."" The rest of the time I was waiting for a climax or something that stands out from the continuous repeating beats and tunes. This is definitly a CD that you will not get into. It was very plain and lacked originality.",
81567,__label__1,"Mark (Interpretation Bible Studies): This book is incomplete. There are whole chapters of the Gospel of Mark that were left out, making the book quit useless.Marguerite CulhaneEagle River Alaska",
81568,__label__1,"ho hum must bring em in: I don't understand how this is Clinic's big break through album. Internal Wrangler was such an excellent realease - it had passion, a fresh sound and variety between tracks while still being cohesive.Walking With Thee is OK, but lacks all of these elements. I was so excited to come across Clinic, hoping they could break new ground in music (cuz there aren't too many who have done that since Mercury Rev's ""Yerself Is Steam""). However, with this record it appears Clinic is just a one trick pony.With their new found acceptance by the general public, I don't think Clinic will ever feel the need to stray from their singular sound. Tis Sad indeed.",
81569,__label__1,"All downhill from here: Sheesh, this band doesn't just rip off the VU more than the Jesus and Mary Chain ever did- they take it ALL from one VU album.It's galling to me how this band doesn't even seem to have a clue how to appropriate their influences - there is nothing here but pure regurgitation, and they've been doing it for SEVEN YEARS without the slightest change up!",
81570,__label__1,"Clinic Live: Clinic's studio material is not bad, but their live shows are quite poor. Just saw the show last night, and the set was only 25 minutes.",
81571,__label__2,"Good story with plenty of action: Unlike the some of the other reviewers this was my first Bernard Cornwell book and won't be my last!! However I wasn't aware, when I read it, that it was the last in a trilogy so it might be preferable to read the other two first.I found myself getting gradually absorbed into the story, feeling compelled to follow the main characters through their quest for the Grail, honour and acceptance.The battle scenes were very descriptive as was general life in mid fourteenth century France, all making this an excellent and persuasive read.",
81572,__label__2,Fantastic series: I really enjoyed this trilogy and plan to read Cornwell's entire works.First class.,
81573,__label__2,"Vintage Cornwell (but read previous books first): This is a great book and an enjoyable read. One point that should be made up front is that it is definetly part 3 of an on-going story and if you have not read the Archers Tale or Vagabond then you are not going to get the most from the story. The plot line is rather involved and Cornwell does not spend much verbiage on a recap. Also if you are a fan of the Sharpe novels (as I am) it is not long before you start seeing the similarities (ex: Sharpe with faithful Irish sidekick Sgt. Harper, Thomas with faithful Scots sidekick Robbie Douglas). This however is a minor quibble, Cornwell is a master at blending history and a good yarn into a seamless enjoyable package.",
81574,__label__2,great action: The Middle Ages need more expousureThis does it! The Holy Grail has been a legard for milliminumsTold very well,
81575,__label__1,"Suspect Motives: The greatest impediment to enjoying a novel (for me) is when characters act in ways that don't make sense, thus poisoning the rationale for the story line. Even given the notable lack of self-control of Cornwell heroes when it comes to women, in this case the major plot line was Thomas abandoning his course for the woman. The only motivation offered for Thomas's attraction is her beauty. But there is absolutely no indication of any character lurking beneath the body! I haven't counted, but I doubt she has more than 30 words of dialogue in the entire book. For the hero to make a 90-degree behavioral turn for a woman, one has to understand the woman to understand why he would do so. Because there is no credible explanation, the book from a story perspective has to fail. I hasten to add that the historical accuracy, battle scenes, etc. are Cornwell's normal high quality.",
81576,__label__1,"Boring carnage? It is possible.: As I wrote in my review of The Archer's Tale, I was very disappointed in the way this series fizzled out in this, the third installment.Bernard Cornwell was one of my favoriteauthors up until ""Sharpe's Waterloo"", but I feel he's again showingsymptoms of being too prolific.I just don't feel it.....",
81577,__label__2,Very informative!: I am very pleased with this book. I am making gumpaste wildflowers for an upcoming wedding cake competition and this book is exactly what I needed. Very beautiful flowers and nicely written instructions.,
81578,__label__2,"Great biography of a great man: Compelling, well written, insightful. I highly recommend this book for the person who wants to know about the life of Neal A. Maxwell.",
81579,__label__2,"wonderful book: I read this book at the same time as a friend, and then we would discuss each chapter every other day. It was great. It kept my interest from day to day and strengthend my testimony of the way God prepares us for future events and callings. Elder Hafen writes very well. Elder Maxwell's life is worth studying regardless of who writes about him, so this book was a bonus!",
81580,__label__1,"No IOGEAR Customer Support: Product arrived as described by other reviewers. I formatted per recommendations, and all was fine.USB connection works fine. Firewire - no joy.When writing from Firewire port, about 40 seconds into a write, there is a loud 'thunk', and the unit has to be reset. Tried several configuraiton alternatives, but can't get around the firewire problem.Attempted multiple times to get Tech Support from IOGEAR. First attempt - ignored. Second attempt - ignored. Third attempt - they told me they didn't do customer support using the Online Help Request on their web site. They finally advised me that if it was within 30 days of purchase, I could exchange it with the seller. Unfortunately, it took 6 weeks to get that answer.I bought this unit due to price and the 2-year guarantee. Now I wish I had spent a little more. Makes a pretty good paper weight.",
81581,__label__1,"can NOT boot mac os x==no good for backups: If you are an OS X user, and want to make a bootable backup copy of your hard drive, do not buy this drive. (...)Don't make the same mistake I did-I didn't return it immediately, because I thought I was doing something wrong, I didn't imagine that any firewire hard drive would be screwy enough to not allow booting from OS X. Aaargh. Now it's too late to return it, and I'm stuck with a USELESS hard drive.",
81582,__label__1,"Disappointing after all this time: I've had this for about 2 years now with no problems... then two weeks ago (with no hardware/software changes), I starting getting 'Windows - delayed write failed' errors on the drive when playing music via Windows Media Player. It is connected to my XP system via USB 2.0 and has about 20.5 GB used (mostly music). Now these errors seem to occur at random.As far as I can figure, it might have to do with the amount of data on it, but with only 20.5 GB used (out of 160) doesn't seem likely.I really don't have time to goof around with this -- so I bought a Seagate external 160GB HD (USB 2.0), but am unable to even copy data from the Iogear drive to the new one. I am going to try deleting all the non-music files from it and see if I can at least avoid having to reload everything onto the new drive. Good thing I only used the Iogear drive for temporary back-ups... if the data had been important I would be in trouble!",
81583,__label__1,"POOR quality: Mine just sputtered and died. It's four months old. Started really using it a week ago. Enough said. Frankly, this seems par for the course as far as these external drives go. Seems like one-in-ten go up in smoke within weeks of use. Don't put anything on these drives you might care to never see again.",
81584,__label__2,John Williams is awesome!: I'm glad that I bought this CD along with the soundtrack to Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Now I have all four soundtracks from the movies. This is John Williams at his best. I was also happy that it had the song Anything Goes on here (it wasn't in the track listing). I'm listening to it right now. Thank you for re-issuing the original soundtracks.,
81585,__label__2,"Long awaited release: I had the original, minimal soundtrack for ""Temple of Doom"" on cassette when I was a kid. I never understood why they didn't release it on CD, so this is a welcome treat! Almost twice the music that was on the original. Some of my favorite themes from any of the Indy movies. Great stuff!",
81586,__label__2,"proper pop music: I heard the title cut once on the radio and thought ' if the flaming lips were as good as critics tell us, this is what theyd sound like'. a gem.",
81587,__label__1,"Nothing but filler: I suspect that Coulter's next book will be simply spectacular. Indeed, when it comes out, I may even find myself glad to have read this book, as it seems mainly to consist in providing backstory for what comes next. In the meantime however, I am sadly disappointed. Coulter had the makings of a real winner here, but between bringing us up to date on the last generation of Sherbrookes and setting up one of the youngsters for a story of his own, the love story of James and Corrie as well as the developing relationship between Jason and Judith, is left with very little substance. I have to give Coulter credit, for the denoument of the mystery subplot takes one by complete surprise, and the interplay between Corrie and James, what there is of it, is charming and amusing. These together almost make the book worth a read. Almost that is. . . but not quite.",
81588,__label__1,"Blech...: I genuinely enjoyed the story of Alexandra and Douglas Sherbrooke's stormy relationship, and how the finally settled into a decent couple. So it came as a complete shock to find that the qualities that drew me to them (their tempestuousness, spark and vigor) were completely devoid in this novel. Their children were equally as tepid; the only calling cards were their handsome good looks, which we were constantly reminded of. For every good Coulter book, there is an equally bad selection, and unfortunately this is one of the bad ones. On the plus side, it does set up the potential for a good Coulter book to come next.",
81589,__label__1,"Grade""S""for Sorry: I'm mad that Catherine Coulter actually put such a weak novel together.Don't waste your money buying it or waste your time borrowing it from anyone.",
81590,__label__1,"Really bad material from an excellent author: I couldn't believe how much I disliked this book. I gave it two stars just because Coulter is such a usually fine author. However, she missed the boat on this one. I read about 100 pages (or less) at the beginning and maybe about 30 pages at the end just to get my money's worth.",
81591,__label__1,"Read it Instead: I've only listened through the 3rd CD and I can't seem to get into the story. I don't know yet if its the story line or Ms. Flosnik's grating voice. But her voice interpretation for James, Jason and Douglas (and all the men) make them sound ridiculous. Ms. Flosnik (as well as all female readers) should not try to sound like men -- just read it straight. I think I'd rather read this one. I don't recommend the sound recording.",
81592,__label__1,"Sorry excuse for a Sherbrooke Book: This book was so boring. I was very, very disappointed. The relationship between the twin (what's his name) and Corrie seemed almost incestuous. She was more like a kid sister to them. I never, ever saw the relationship and the passion grow or ignite between these two. Waste of time. Catherine Coulter played her readers with this mess. She could have had more respect for us than to put this book out there.",
81593,__label__2,"Good, but could be a little better...: After just finishing the book, I have to say I liked it, but am deeply confused. The title led me to believe it would be about the Sherbrooke Twins, when in fact it seemed to be more about their father and mother. The wording at times seemed confusing and the plot a little jumpy. But I did enjoy it once the plot got rolling. I can't wait to find out what happens with Jason.",
81594,__label__1,"Only persistence kept me reading this one.: This is the story of James and Jason Sherbrooke, loving twin sons of Alexandra/Douglas book. They are too beautiful by far ...and the reader certainly tires of hearing over and over how beautiful they are...and are steering clear of the marriage trap. Suddenly they are involved in protecting their father from an assassin and everyone joins together to this goal. The story line is weak and for some reason the characters never really come alive. They're ""nice guys"" and a nice family but the characters never grab you. The writing is very stiff and what little romance is in this isn't very inspiring. Certainly the 2 sex scenes are not impressive. Basically, don't bother with this one. In fact I think I'll be slower to pick out CC's bks in the future.",
81595,__label__1,"Not one of her best works: There is not much danger to Corriander (Corrie), the love interest of the first-born twin. And not much show of possessiveness, jealousy, nor romance between the two. No sign of pain nor struggle when apart. Just a flat ""love"" story. And surprisingly, how it is titled, the Sherbrooke Twins, would suggest to readers that both the twins would find love. Unfortunately, only one does and its James. I think the author started out wrong with naming it the Sherbrooke twins and should have a book title more fitting for James and Corrie's story and not get too focused on the part of the sons being twins.",
81596,__label__1,Not her best: I have read all of her romance novels and have to say this is not her best. It is good in parts but others aren't worth reading. The ending was so sad that I cried for Jason and was so hoping for a better story for him in the next book in the Sherbrooke saga.,
81597,__label__1,"zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz: I read the whole book waiting for it to get good. Too many storylines for such a short book. If Ms. Coulter wanted this to be an good book she would have been better off spending more time developing the relationships between the characters. Corrie is the only character that was adequately developed (note adequately development is just that merely adequately) You dont get the opportunity to feel the stresses and the emotions b/c you dont really understand the characters. Granted this is a mere romance novel and one shouldnt expect much. But this is definitly the worst book I've ever read. I felt more emotion out of the stoic Edward Wilson in the Movie ""The Good Shepard"" Fortunately ""Jason"" was developed a little more towards the end to allow ""Lyons Gate"" to be a potentially decent Romance nove. I'm definitly going to go read the reviews on it first before I waste my time, though.",
81598,__label__1,"Wrong Movie: I have been on a French movie kick lately and find many of the Alain Delon movies to be especially entertaining. So I was quite psyched to put this rare movie in the DVD tray the other night for an evening's entertainment. From the opening credits I knew something was off - instead of an ultra-cool French movie from the 60s, I was presented with a very strident 1930s British movie about fishing trawlers (see The Last Adventurers (1937)).What a disappointment! At first I was incredulous and expected to see a grainy Alain Delon make an appearance, but alas he would have been a 2-year old toddler. What makes matters worse is that this movie was obviously captured from a tape source and is a poor presentation of the boring 1937 film. After about 5 minutes I accepted I had wasted my time and money (hello Amazon) and that Alain would be sitting this one out. Either this is gross incompetence or outright bait-and-switch, but do not be deceived by the cover art on this",Synergy
81599,__label__1,"Not detailed enough: When I searched for the specific book that I wanted, this book popped up. It is a overall good book, but not what I need. I did ask the seller a question about it, but since they are a volume dealer, they could not answer my specific questions about it. I took a chance and lost out, suppose it is the fault of both parties, the buyer and seller. I wish sellers knew what they were selling :)",
81600,__label__2,"Back to Form!: This is a hauntingly wonderful CD from The Residents. The lyrics seem quite banal when read on the page, but hearing them sung is akin to coming across a diary one kept as a child and re-discovered in an attic many years later - there is a creepy sense of familiarity with the themes but an increduality that the words were actually put on paper in innocence.... I love this CD and forgive The Residents for their American Composers CDs that cost me a fortune in the UK and were so dull!",
81601,__label__2,"Caesar Records Best Album of Career: Been a Shirley Caesar fan for almost 20 years, and it is clear that she has saved the best for last. No doubt that this record could easily be the greatest that she has ever done! High energy power packed Gospel sung as only Caesar can do! Buy it!",
81602,__label__1,"i know the truth cd: I was NOT impressed with this cd. I like her older music so i assumed i would like this one as well. To my shock and disappointment, the first song on the cd was some hip hop type music with Tonex who i'm not a fan of. Ms. Cesear has put one foot into the world and one foot with God and in my eyes is between 2 opinions with this CD. I think hip hop belongs in the world and has no place in gospel. I was disppointed with Shirley Cesar on this one! Would not reccomend.",
81603,__label__2,"Support good music... Give this a try...: I was drawn in by their innovative and startingly original video for ""Pony Ride"". It is truly amazing that Mtv has given soo much airplay to such an (until now) obscure band. The bulk of the material off of this album, has been released in some form or another, dating back from 2002. They basically combined their previous two ep's (White Printz and Red Prinze).However, the album adds up to a hypnotically entrancing, fun filled smorgasbord of beats, melody and rhyme. From the opening track, ""OUNO"", through the closing track, ""Come Ova"", each track is consistently engaging. Standouts include, ""I Come With Water"", ""Microphone Diseases"", ""Pony Ride"", ""Bambino"" and ""Vila Attack"".I can't wait to see what the future holds for this impressive new presence on an otherwise bleak musical landscape.",
81604,__label__1,"A Lotta the Same: I love a loose rock group as much as the next guy. Probably more. With their debut Hot Printz, Australia's Bumblebeez 81 are so loose they're slack. But lazy is another story. Most of these 14 songs and/or fragments are based around a good beat, fuzz guitar, raspy vocals, and occasional rapping. It's akin to backporch alternative. Singer Chris Colonna even sounds like grandpa with his teeth out. And it's intermittently fun. ""Pony Ride"", the single, is genius/stupid with its chorus of ""come on ride the pony gotta get it up"". ""Come Ova"" is a cute Pixies rip. Otherwise, the rap is lame. The playing is amateur. And the songs kinda sound the same.",
81605,__label__1,"This cd gave me a headache!!: Okay i love Punk, i like Techno alot, I even like white girls rapping, but this cd is just bad! If you want a headache listen to it.",
81606,__label__1,Very disappointed: This was a very difficult book to read for your average citizen who simply wants to read about the war on terror. The title is very misleading.,
81607,__label__1,"Hunting al Qaeda: I can appreciate the frustration National Guardmen have being labeled ""summer help"", however, during war everyone has a job and everyone does their job. True, politics interferes with the job our soldiers were sent to do. But Beast 85 put themselves in unnecessary danger, and because they did not follow procedure, the Taliban leaders were released. I admire their courage. I am grateful they worked diligently to find these masters of death. I am dissappointed they felt they had to do so by putting themselves in danger with the result of these leaders being released. A wonderful story of adventure to be sure. But was the adventure inspired by an erroneous label placed on our national guardsmen, or too many chiefs and not enough indians?",
81608,__label__1,"Disappointing: The book was short on action and long on complaining about their treatment by the Army. I highly respect the men and women serving in the military, but if they wish to write a book about their experience, they should not overkill their complaining and stick to discussing what they indicated the book would be about.",
81609,__label__1,"They really never fired a shot: If you read this book carefully, the authors of this book never fired a shot in combat. They deployed. They whined. They complained. They cheated their publisher and those who helped them put this book together out of money. But they really just sat around and did nothing.And the book ended up doing what it was predicted to do from the start. Nothing.Good riddance.",
81610,__label__2,"Pleasant New Sounds -- Same Great Style: Govi shows his great versatility on this CD by introducing some Old World string instruments that incorporate a nice twist within the framework of his distinctive familiar sound. I enjoy, to varying degrees, 7 cuts from Saffron & Silk with the hands down winner being Marrakesh. The intoxicating melodies in this song, superb musicianship, incredible detail, and scary good recording quality make this one of my 5 all time Govi favorite tracks. George M -- Phoenix, AZ",
81611,__label__2,Wonderfull!!: Govi keeps his track record perfect with Saffron and Silk. All the tracks are a pleasure to hear given anytime of the day. Some of the tracks are very romatic too.,
81612,__label__1,"Received 5.25 inch enclosure without a fan.: Seller sent generic 5.25 inch box with no fan. Waste of my time and money. Will have to wait for refund for days, weeks, or months so I can get the one I need from another seller. Don't waste your time with this seller. I believe the act of sending the wrong unit was malicious and intentional in order to cop excessive profit. Beware.",
81613,__label__2,"Jumpin' At The Left Bank: Although difficult to find, the CD features Marlene Ver Planck during the beginning of her long and distinguished career, which is why I bought it. The John LaSalle Quartet also includes Bill Smith and Hugh Martin to round out the group. Arrangements are by Billy Ver Planck who is wonderful in whatever he does (also Marlene's husband). Among the well known songs are Let There Be Love, I'll Never Smile Again, Out of This World, Just in Time, and Clementine. The title song, by John LaSalle and Hugh Martin starts out this truly unique and well worth having CD. Nothing Marlene has done is a disappointment and I have them all, so I know for sure that's a true statement. Well worth it if you can find a copy.",
81614,__label__1,"Overblown and self centred: I bought this CD reminiscing about when live music was more dangerous and less predictable than the arena orientated music we experience now, where we were accustomed to musicians taking risks in their performances.Alas this CD is an object lesson in self-centredness. From the first track where Stevie Marriot tells the audience to 'shut up' to the final agonising minutes of the long, foggy jam that is 'Walk on Gilded Splinters' , it appears the assembled talent have disappeared up their own collective jacksy.This particular set predicts the interminable delivery of 'progressive rock' that became familiar in the 70's whose only saving grace was that it resulted in the reactive rise of punk and other celebrations of the short sharp song.Humble Pie were never very big in the UK and I think this demonstrates why.",
81615,__label__2,Awesome Book!: This book is one of the best I've read on WWI. It exposes the truth that a lot of teachers don't teach in school. I highly recommend it for anyone age 9 and up!,
81616,__label__1,"selective truth: I bought this book after I read Whatever Happened to Penny Candy, hoping to supplement our homeschool history program. I decided to read it first to my husband, a Lt Col in the USAF (with tactical experience in both Gulf Wars), to see what he thought of it first. Honestly, we couldn't finish it. While Richard Maybury brings out some good points about historical events - things you don't hear often- he also leaves out a deal. He says up front he has a bias, but my husband considered the book biased to the point of dishonest propaganda - something Maybury says the US Government has used almost since day one. He's entitled to his opinion, but his ideas about how the country should be run are simplistic to the point of absurdity, and, my husband says, completely unworkable in this day of airplanes, missiles, and dirty bombs.Maybury should stick to economics. I cannot recommend this book.",
81617,__label__2,"Little Jimmy Scott/1: I've been a fan for many years, and built a very good selection of his tunes to save. I look forward to seeing him perform live.",
81618,__label__1,"Not a bad comic, but not good for Moore: I will be the FIRST to rave all over Moore's work on Vendetta, Watchmen and Batman. They are brilliant and redefined my world.But I tell you true that Promethea reads like someone who can't write trying hard to sound like Neil Gaiman while revamping an old superhero. Don't waste your money on this one. Maybe once Alan has time to season the heroine.",
81619,__label__2,"Philosphy meets the 4 color world: Philosphy as the setting for the drama of a comic book? Or is that the other way around: a comic book as a setting for philosphy. Either way it's different and it's interesting.Alan Moore underpins his drama with timeless philosphy and well researched metaphysics. As long as he can maintain the drama in this complicated form he'll be fine.The characters are intriguing and touching, with a degree of surreal clarity that grabs hold and won't let go.Unfortunately this collection has the first 6 issues but the initial story arc doesn't climax until issue 8 where events are resolved and it prepares to pick up again.Allow me to mention the high marks for the book's excellent production values: good paper and color printing, excellent binding, solid construction.",
81620,__label__2,"Conventional Moore: Unlike Moore's ground-breaking work on Watchmen and From Hell, Promethea is more traditional fare. However, because it is by Moore, this is still above the majority of comics/graphic novels being produced today. In some ways, this is Moore at his post-modern best, as the very nature of this character (channeled through the years by the artists that imagine her best) allows him to discuss the power of the creative imagination, while still indulging in the kind of esoterica that has filled his other work.",
81621,__label__2,"Graphic SF Reader: I looked at this for a long time, picked it up off and on, and kept dismissing it as looking way too girly or frilly. I was wrong. This is good. The use of myth and story is excellent, and the hero group in the city is hilarious, as can be the ex-Prometheas.",
81622,__label__1,"Moore's not on top of his game: Readers who know Neil Gaiman's Sandman universe will find a lot of familiar territory in the world of Promethea. Like the Sandman saga, we find a narrative set on the liminal landscape between the psychic realm and the material realm. Here we have the ""Immateria"" instead of the Dreaming. Also like the Sandman, the premise becomes a vehicle for exploring both worlds and their intersection. Unlike the Sandman, the chronicles of Promethea are flat, dry, two-dimensional, and predictable. A lot of superhero-style action will disappoint readers looking for the sophisticated antiheroes of Watchmen or the visionary storytelling of From Hell. I recommend that new Moore readers look to those works instead.",
81623,__label__1,"He's oversinging and skidding on the high notes: I can believe what Voice Lover said: that this guy has a good voice on other recordings. But this is not a good performance: he is oversinging and you can hear the stress in his voice on all the high notes. I am a tenor myself, though not an operatic tenor, and it gave me pain to listen to this. (My ideal tenor voice, the one I envy the most, is Jussi Bjoerling.)",
81624,__label__1,"horrible album: Giordani can be excellent in the theater, but this album seems to have caught him at a bad time. He always seems to be changing gears during his performances here. He seems to have several voices in each register and you don't know from one minute to the next what you are going to get. I found this album to be a very unpleasant listening experience and think it was a mistake for Giordani to let Naxos issue it.If you want to hear a better performance by Giordani, pick up a copy of Verdi's Jerusalem on Philips which catches him in much better vocal estate.",
81625,__label__2,"Some assembly/stabilty issues, but impressive model nonetheless: Sammy is a pretty hefty chunk of solid, unbending plastic, and you're supposed to balance him on a 1-and-a-half inch metal spike that sticks out the bottom of one foot---to simulate that cute little hop he does, right before a homerun lap. Problem is, the lightweight base has a very shallow hole to receive said metal spike, so Sammy's body tends to lean heavily atop the shallowly-anchored spike once assembled on the base. You have to position him carefully, to avoid the whole model just toppling over. Also, carefully concealed in the box is a short black plastic rod which is necessary to mount the bat to the base. The rod barely fit the too-small hole the on the bat, causing some restrained cursing during the build process. Once assembled, I must say it's a surprisingly lifelike and detailed model that does not disappoint.",
81626,__label__2,"British poetry 1900-1940: For some of the well- known poets here , Hopkins and Yeats for instance the selections made are of their finest work. For others , Dylan Thomas , W.H. Auden this is not so. The Anthology does contain selections from the lion's share of the well- known British poets of this period. It also includes a long list of poets who are not at all known today. So the reader who looks at this world will have ample opportunity for pleasant surprise or not- so- pleasant disappointment.They will also find in here poems of great beauty and inspiration.",
81627,__label__2,"they wrinkle-but are very very nice!: I read all the reviews on the duvet and sheet set of this brand. Alot of them were complaining that these sheets wrinkle. Yes, they do after all, they are cotton! But, they are very very nice. I washed them before putting them on my bed. My matress is 17"" thick and the fitted sheet fits my matress perfectly and it doesnt try to come off. When I took them out of the dryer, I quickly put them on my bed. Everytime I put the fitted sheet (or the sheet, pillow cases, etc) on my bed, I sprayed them with a wrinkle releaser and smoothed them out with my hand. Almost all of the wrinkles came out and they smell great! You can make your own wrinkle releaser-its 1/3 fabric softener and 2/3 water. Put those in a spray bottle and shake it up before using it!",
81628,__label__2,"Excellent for the price: These sheets are an excellent value for the price. I was shocked at the quality when I received them. They have a beautiful sateen striping ,which is very subtle, that make them look much, much more expensive than they are (I have the linen and khaki colors). So far I have washed them many times and they continue to get softer and softer and they wrinkle much less. And with the bonus pillow cases you can't go wrong!",
81629,__label__2,"Pleased with this duvet cover: Cotton is soft, but does wrinkle after washing. I have seen others that were much more expensive of similar quality. Overall a good value for a low price.",
81630,__label__2,Divatex Duvet Cover: It is pretty soft for the price and not that many wrinkles like the other people say. It is a good price and a really good duvet cover.,
81631,__label__1,The name should be Duvet cover: A Duvet generally should have fillings in it( very similar to a comforter) and that is what I thought when I bought this. However this turned out to be a Duvet cover and I promptly returned this back to Amazon. Hence all buyers should be aware of this before they buy this.,
81632,__label__2,"Excellent Product, Great Price: A++++++++, Prompt Delivery. Will order again. Far superior than Fabreeze and cheaper in price.",
81633,__label__1,Not impressed: There isn't much else to say. The killer looks goofy and the supporting cast are cardboard at best.,
81634,__label__1,"production value Scars: Mental Scars (2009) is absolutely pathetic. A high school drama club could produce a better movie. It looks like it was shot using a discontinued Video Camcorder. The lighting is terrible, and there are absolutely no production values. I can not iterate how bad this movie looks.The movie was terrible; acting, and film quality really stinks. I did not like it at all and feel this one was a waste of money. One of the worst low budget junkyard slasher films I have ever seen.DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE.",
81635,__label__1,"$8.98 is even to high to pay!: I am a BIG Sonny Landham fan, but now wish I had saved my money! Think of the worset B movie you've ever seen, comparied to this one, it's a triple A movie! Landham dosent show up till last 20 min., and only one other actor even comes close to acting! Wish I had known how bad it was, I would have saved my money!!!",
81636,__label__1,"Light Treat for Horror Fans: Have you time to thrill? Check-out Mental Scars on DVD. This B-movie, this cinematic junkfood (set in a junkyard) offers all the goodies: gore, violence, salty dialogue, tacky make-up, semi-messy plot, semi-stale acting, and T&A. Add popcorn and beer to your viewing. Simply, the film should appeal to horror fans. Especially fans who appreciate admirable, skillful creativity exercised within certain budget constraints. I liked it.",
81637,__label__2,"One Scary Monster...: Last night I watched Mental Scars. I didn't know what to expect, other than that people would die in various bloody and scary ways. And I wasn't disappointed. They died, all right, in all kinds of imaginative ways.I was curious to see how well a music composer did as a villain. Richard Myles did a great job. He makes one creepy, yet sympathetic monster. If bad things hadn't happened to his character, if he hadn't been left on his own, would he have become such a creature? Or was he doomed from the start to become an instrument of revenge, because of a secret I won't divulge? And is he really the monster? Or is the monster the woman who wants to turn the junkyard into something else for her own profit?No spoilers here. Just let me say watching Mental Scars was a fun way to spend a couple of hours of my Friday night. Thanks, Viper Productions.",
81638,__label__1,"Great Design, Extremely Poor Quality: We loved our Oxo Rotary Cheese Grater until it befell the same fate that many others have reported: the plastic ring at the bottom of the grater cracked and a piece fell off. If they could design it to last (such as simply eliminating the plastic ring on the grater barrel and making it one metal piece), I'd buy another.",
81639,__label__1,"Broke after only a few uses: I had a Zyliss grater that lasted for many years. I usually like OXO products, so I was eager to try this grater as a replacement. It is much clumsier to use. Worse, the plastic piece that holds the cheese close to the grating drum broke off completely during normal use. I would not recommend purchasing this item, as its quality does not warrant carrying the usually-excellent OXO label.",
81640,__label__1,"This Product Really ""Grated"" on My Nerves: Was hoping for a better product from OXO. Worked good at first, but after a couple months use it all began to crack and fall apart. Like so many warranted items, when the warranty period ends, it ends up breaking soon after. Really a waste of money. Don't bother!",
81641,__label__1,"Good but fragile: I had the same problem that others have written about: The plastic ring broke within about a month. It grated cheese well enough, but ended up being a waste of money.",
81642,__label__1,Hard to hold.: My thumb joints hurt after I use this grater. It is hard to hold and to operate. Do not buy.,
81643,__label__2,Easy to use and easy to clean.: This is easy to use and clean. It is great for cheeses and great for grating chocolate. I liked it so much I have sent one to my sister. I love all of the oxy good grip products. This one especially because of the good grip knob on the handle.,
81644,__label__1,Very dissappointed and disillusioned.: I was under the assumption that this grater was a full size grater and suitable for all types of cheeses. It is extremely small and only grates hard cheeses such as parmesean. What a bummer.,
81645,__label__1,Didn't last long: I received one of these cheese graters for Christmas this year. By May it was broken. The plastic at the bottom of the barrel cracked and a piece broke off. I also missed having the two different sized barrels that I had in my old cheese grater. It's back to Pampered Chef for me!,
81646,__label__1,"the handle broke!: I didn't have this grater very long before the handle broke. Up until then I really liked it. I liked the tray to collect crumbs or for storing extra cheese. I just wish it was sturdier. I won't buy it again, the life span should be longer than one month!",
81647,__label__1,"Covers different topics: I wanted to like this book, I really did. To be honest, I DO admire the cover page and artistic design. But I purchased this book envisioning it would be about the key question of 'putting pleasures back into work.' It is instead a wide-ranging review of many different scattered theme related to work satisfaction and culture. I found it hard to identify the personal voice of the author and why he selected this subject area. To some, however, these drawbacks may not be a big concern. If so, then this book might be worth looking over.",
81648,__label__1,Happy Mondays: Very Shallow in content. No good direction i actual practice. Disjointed in writing style.I would not recommend this book.,
81649,__label__2,"Excellent product: High performance filter made a huge difference. More power, torque, and even improved gas mileage. Worth every penny, would recommend it to anybody requiring a replacement filter.",
81650,__label__1,"The one OXO product I don't like: I own alot of OXO products, but this one is not good. It tears very easily, we've replaced the brush at least 3 times. Also, while it soaps up well (as other types of these do), it only has a rough edge (see red in picture). You might not want to use a rough edge on everything you clean.OXO makes some fine products, but they need to go back to the design board with this one.",
81651,__label__1,"Flawed design; get the OXO Soap Pump Palm Brush instead: Though OXO is a company dedicated to making durable, high-quality products, this is not among them. Utterly unsatisfying, the Soap-Dispensing Scrub Brush wastes soap, breaks easily, and doesn't really fit into tight corners. Ours broke after only a few weeks' worth of use, mainly because the tracks onto which the brushes glide can't take the stress. Ironically, the thing that makes it easy to add new brushes is also the thing which makes the device unstable. Also, there's no way of turning off the soap dispenser; it ALWAYS flows from the reservoir.OXO, fortunately has not been content to have just one soap-dispensing product, so if you're really looking for a good all-in-one soap scrubber, check out their Soap Pump Palm Brush instead. It's far more durable and less wasteful of soap.",
81652,__label__1,"needs improvement: The sponge tears off easy. Whenever I scrub in a circle or if the top egde of the sponge gets any pressure applied to it, the sponge twists off and soap dribbles out. I gave up on it after a bit.It looks good though...",
81653,__label__1,"Flimsy: As others have mentioned, the tiny plastic tabs that hold the sponge on snap off very easily. I figured I was just being too rough with it, so I went out and bought another one, and made sure to be more careful...had the same problem. The sponges don't last all that long, either. The only thing I liked about it was the oval head (as opposed to the round kind you see most often) made it easier to wash tall, narrow glasses. I went back to the ordinary kind I can buy at the supermarket.",
81654,__label__1,disappointed with the scrub brush: It is poorly made. The little plastic pieces that hold the brush on have broken off. I would not buy another one!,
81655,__label__2,WOW!: Wow! I always wanted a book with all the clubs and places to hang out in it so I can buy it and look for a new place every night! I like this book so much and it even worked when I wanted to sing with my band and couldn't decide in which club! We picked just the right one with the help of this book and we had a lot of success that night! Thanks guys! You rock!!,
81656,__label__1,"Don't bother: I bought this product along with the Radio, Retail cd as well. This particular item came unwrapped and I was afraid to use it in my computer. The radio retail version came wrapped up but when I opened it, there was no cd in there! Very unhappy with this product!!! I thought Amazon had better products than this!",
81657,__label__1,"Buyers Beware!: I was very disappointed when I received my copy of the CD-Rom edition of The Industry Yellow Pages. First, the CD insert was very poorly printed to the point of being neary illegible. When I opened the case and removed the CD-Rom, I unhappily discovered that the label was not fully stuck on and the CD-Rom was actually a CDR. The whole thing looked to me like something very unprofessionally and shoddily home-made. Still, I reminded myself that what I had purchased it for was the information it contained and not its esthetic values. I went ahead and popped it in my computer and given its shabby appearance, I was hardly surprised when it did not function whatsoever. My system meets all the requirements for the CD. It simply was not properly made. I cannot comment on the information the CD might contain, because I was never able to get that far. This item seemed far below Amazon's usual standards and I can only say, thank goodness for their return policy!",
81658,__label__2,"Great: AS i was looking for a complete listing of party places i came across this book that completely opened the doors on the places that i could go 2 have a good time. With a great structure and easy to read pages i found myself racing to find the nearest club. This is a great resource for the traveling clubber but also for the businessman that has his area of expertise in music . Great book, i recommend it for all that have something to do with great music and the music industry",
81659,__label__1,"Not impressed!: I bought all four of the books in this series. I found that the contacts are all mixed up? For instance, in the ""Press"" section, there are Production Companies, Entertainment Companies, Studios etc. listed. I was hoping for the money I paid that it would be a bit more organized. Also, a lot of the data is out of date.",
81660,__label__2,A very happy customer: I have just received Comrade Don Camillo from my daughter who came back to Chile from a visit to the US. It is a lovely clean copy and I am 100% satisfied!,
81661,__label__2,"Works like it's supposed to.: I bought this strap when my old one broke. I play the viola and my case is bigger than most cases for violins, but this case strap is able to handle it. It serves its purpose, and that's all that I wanted.",
81662,__label__1,"Outdated!!: Do not buy this book. It's an outdated rant mostly directed against John Thompson (who hasn't been the Georgetown basketball coach in 5 years) and Leo O'Donovan (who retired as University president 3 years ago). This book does not even redeem its age by being funny. The jokes are unoriginal and dry. This book is one in a series of ""I Hate _______________"" books. I swear they just change the names of people and places and use the same rants for every school. Not worth your time and money for this disappointment.",
81663,__label__2,"Great Album!: Greats Shearing and Grappelli play a bunch of jazz standards from the era of their prior union, plus ""La Chanson de Rue."" This upbeat album makes for some excellent study/work music, though it's obviously great to listen to when not preoccupied. If you can find an affordable used copy, check it out.",
81664,__label__2,"Family Tree Mystery: ""Death on the Family Tree"" by Patricia Sprinkle is the first of a series. Katharine Murray is an empty nester. Her children are grown, one in college and one in China for two years. Her husband, Tom, works in Washington, DC and returns to his home in Atlanta only on weekends. The book starts on Katharine's 46th birthday.The characters in this book are very well drawn and the plot situations are realistic. One likes the protagonist and her family and friends. Reading the first book made me want to read the second, ""Sins of the Fathers,"" which I have done. Again I like the descriptions and the characters.I do have a problem with the mystery part of these books. I have some trouble understanding the motives of the murderers. Perhaps the author could have Katherine explain it all at the end to her husband, Tom, or her son in China. I will keep reading the books. I just want a little more tidying up at the end.",
81665,__label__1,The nut strips easily: We bought two of these and they both broke in the same way: the tensioning nut stripped after about 1 year of use.,
81666,__label__1,Very Dissapointed: I must say I was very dissapointed with this product. I got to use it about 4 times when it broke during the cutting of a piece of cheese.I hope this is not representative of all of these cutters. But I don't intend to try one again.To return it and look for a refund would cost more in time and postage than the item costsw,
81667,__label__1,"Handle is plastic--will break: I loved this cheese slicer until if fell on the floor ONCE. The handle (looks like it has metal inside but its all plastic) snapped right off. OXO is getting real good at making junk look good, but don't be fooled--its still just junk.",
81668,__label__1,"""cheesy"" slicer is more like it...: After using this for a couple of months, the wire has stretched and this slicer has become unusable. Save yourself the trouble and do what I ended up doing - go to Target and buy a nice, heavy slicer with adjustable width and screws to tighten the wire should it stretch. It will set you back less then 10 bucks. When I think of how many thousands of these slicers will end up in the garbage; OXO should be ashamed of themselves for creating a product like this.",
81669,__label__2,"Eureka! A good, solid cheese slicer! Money well spent!: I have had the WORST luck with wire cheese slicers , regardless of whether they were purchased at the grocery store or gourmet cooking shop. I actually had a $20.00 slicer fall apart with its very first use. I just bought this one a month ago, and though its longevity has yet to be proven, I just had to slice a TON of cheese for a large family Christmas party of 30 people, and was SO glad I bought this when I did! I love the grippy handle, and it made relatively quick work of 6 Sam's Club size blocks of cheese. It worked well on cheddar, monterey jack, colby, colby jack and mozerella. It has a nice weight and feel, and if it's as good as the rest of the Good Grips line, I expect it to last for a very long time.",
81670,__label__1,Only lasted a few times...: I was very disappointed with this cheese slicer--the wire broke after about the fourth use. I have always had good experiences with Oxo and was very surprised.,
81671,__label__1,"Broke after about ten uses: The first couple of times I used this cheese slicer, the wire stretched out, making the slices thicker than they're supposed to be. Today I finally cut through a hard hunk of sharp cheddar and POP - the wire broke. For $20, I expect more. Next time I'll buy a non-wire cheese slicer. VERY disappointed as I expect more of OXO.",
81672,__label__1,"Cheese slicer with a flaw: As advertised, the grip on this cheese slicer looks more than adequate. However, I was very disappointed when I was not able to adjust the width of the head on the slicer. If you want to slice thin slices of cheese, this is not the cheese slicer for you. You will be able to slice only one width and it is a thick width.",
81673,__label__1,"Worst Slicer Ever: We've never been anything but pleased with the OXO products we've purchased in the past. The garlic press, for example, is so sturdy it'll likely outlive us all. Unfortunately I bought this slicer in a store, not on Amazon where I'd have read the reviews and known better than to waste my money. It looks hearty enough to pound nails, but in our experience it was barely up to cutting cheese. We probably sliced three dozen pieces of Tillamook cheddar with this thing before that wire snapped like a cheap guitar string. The sad part of it is that you can replace a guitar string. You can't replace this wire. No screws. No way to adjust tension. Don't do what I did and assume it's worth the few extra bucks because it looks solid. Without the wire slicer it's just a cheese roller and I'm not sure what use anyone has for one of those.",
81674,__label__1,"Go witht the traditional ""cheese plane"" type: Like in the other reviews, the wire broke after only a few uses. I just emailed OXO and asked for a replacement. I hope they honor the satisfaction garantee!",
81675,__label__1,Already broken: My cheese cutter has already broken. :-( Is there any way to get a replacement for it? I really liked it until it broke. :-(,
81676,__label__1,"Looks good... Doesn't last...: Appears to be a quality product, but wire stretches after a few months. If it came with a dozen extra wires, it might be a good deal.",
81677,__label__1,"Wire Cheese Slicer wire broke -: I bought this cheese slicer for my husband for Christmas. He had one that recently broke, that he had for several years.He opened it on Christmas Day, and the wire broke this morning, Saturday, January 5, 2013.Now, we have to replace it.",
81678,__label__1,cheap and cheezy: I used my cheese slicer about 3 times and the wire pulled out of one end. Don't buy this slicer!,
81679,__label__1,"choose something else: I also had to throw mine in the trash. After several uses, the wire stretches to the point that it won't stay tight anymore. It slips off the side of the slicer and is perfectly useless. I normally love OXO products, but this one is a clear miss.",
81680,__label__1,"Wire broke within 2 weeks: I thought this was a good slicer until I tried to slice a block of Extra Sharp Cheddar and the wire snapped about halfway through the 3rd slice. No way to replace the wire so the whole unit is now useless. If OXO stands by their warranty, I might try to get a new one, but until then I am going to use a cheaper adjustable one.",
81681,__label__1,wire just snapped: I liked the slicer okay...but the wire just snapped and I haven't had it but a few months.,
81682,__label__1,"Wire broke on the first slice: I purchased the cheese slicer to replace one from the 70's that finally gave out. I pulled out a block of cheddar cheese and tried the new slicer. The comfortable handle made holding the slicer a dream, but the dream ended quickly. The wire broke halfway through the first slice! Unlike my old slicer, this one does not have a screw on the side to re-attach the existing wire, adjust the tension or replace a broken wire. Oxo's web site says they guarantee satisfaction, so I am going to see if I can actually get it replaced without paying more in shipping than I saved by buying this slicer rather than the fancier one.",
81683,__label__1,"Kind of flimsy, non-adjustable: The wire on this slicer is not adjustable, and I tend to prefer my slices a bit thinner than it does them, which is part of why I purchased a wire cheese slicer.The wire was getting pretty slack over the past couple of months, and then when I was slicing cheese today it just broke! The wire itself didn't break, but it pulled out from the handle and is non-repairable. The good news is, I called Oxo to inquire about warranty info., and they said that it's warrantied for life and would send me out a replacement right away. The whole call took about three minutes. Maybe the one that I got was just bad, maybe they're all like this and I'll just keep getting replacements. I wish I'd purchased another kind instead, though.",
81684,__label__1,"Fell apart on 1st use!: I was really looking forward to the cheese slicer, as I've never had one before and I've used other OXO products. Unfortunately, this OXO grater fell apart the first time I used it.",
81685,__label__1,Very Inadequate: This was not good at cutting firmer cheese such as sharp cheddar or swiss. After about the third slice of cutting some cheddar the wire broke. It is now in the landfill.,
81686,__label__2,I wouldn't have my cheese any other way: I once had a great slicer. This is good slicer but not great. Sometimes my cheese gets too hard and my wire so weak. It's most useful for Jalepeno Monteray because of its tiny gerth no pepper is lost in the slicing process.,
81687,__label__1,"Fine while it worked: It does the job while it works.. then the wire went slack and finally broke, like everyone else. I could call and get a replacement but do I want to bother? Perhaps I'll get a replacement and give it away as a gift to someone who will never use it. It does look very nice. Anyone have a recommendation for an alternative product?",
81688,__label__1,"Broke in 3 months: This is expensive and it broke in only 3 months of use. First the wire stretched, then finally it snapped. So, we went to the grocery store and picked up a really ""cheap"" one that lasted us 6 years.",
81689,__label__1,"Poorly made: After a few uses the wire stretches and then breaks. It is not repairable. Too bad, since they make other good products.",
81690,__label__1,"poor quality for price ratio: As several others have noted, the wire goes slack and then breaks easily after a short period of time. Once the wire breaks you have nothing but an expensive handle to throw away. This product should be recalled, it is of fraudulently poor quality.",
81691,__label__1,"Pure Junk!!: This slicer has no pros only cons. After washing the handle leaks water out of it all over the cheese (yuck!), it isn't adjustable and the slice is very thick. OXO has some good utensils this isn't one them. I am currently seeking a new cheese slicer and will be throwing this one in the trash can where it belongs!",
81692,__label__1,"works initially, then fails: When new, this product worked well and felt solid. After a few weeks the wire loosened, and cannot be tightened. This is the first Oxo product I have been disappointed with. Very poor quality.",
81693,__label__2,"Great little cheese slicer: I suppose most slicers are about the same, but it is worth noting that this one is very well constructed and has a comfortable grip. The roller and wire do a fairly good job of slicing a block of cheese without getting stuck. I was very happy with this item.",
81694,__label__1,"Big disappointment...: I love most OXO kitchen products, but I am tossing this one! The wire is just too loose! Somehow, I ended up with both this one and the Cuisipro around the same time. I put the OXO in our trailer, thinking that it might be tolerable for limited use. However, during our recent trip to Tillamook and Rogue River (""Cheese Land""), the decision was made to buy a second Cuisipro. Although twice as expensive, the Cusipro has kept a nice tight wire, while the OXO wire cheese slicer is so loose (even after attempted tightening) that I just decided life is too short...",
81695,__label__1,"Wire very loose in only six weeks: Bought this slicer 17May2011. The handle and head are great, good balance and appearance. The cutting wire has come loose and will soon break. It seems a bit odd to design and manufacture a product with such obvious quality in all areas except the most critical function. This slicer is not used on hard cheeses and only by people who have used this type of slicer previously. I'm seriously disappointed. Certainly not worth the purchase price.",
81696,__label__1,"I like Oxo kitchen hand tools, but not this one...: Flimsier than most of their other items, and once the wire stretches, you're out of luck for fixing or modifying it. Basically it doesn't last long.",
81697,__label__1,"I should have listened: I read the reviews but having so happily previously owned an OXO cheese slicer for a couple of years before it cracked and broke, I thought, ""How bad could it be?"" So now, 5 or 6 weeks later, the damned wire has broken, I'll have to figure out how to make good on the warranty, and I'll just be buying the cheapest one I can find at the big box. Where did OXO go so wrong? The ergonomics I love but this utensil is a loser.",
81698,__label__1,"OXO Good Grips 28781 Wire Cheese Slicer: This is the cheapest piece of crap for a cheese slicer!! It broke the second time I used it, not worth the money or time to bother sending it back!",
81699,__label__1,"DON'T Buy this junk: The implement is not adjustable and slices so thick that it's pointless to get. When trying to slice some hard cheddar, I couldn't ""adjust the angle to achieve the desired thickness - with the required force required, I either busted the back half of the block to smithereens or slipped and almost sliced my thumb apars. As long as you want something 1/4 to 3/8 thick, this is fine, but who wants that? Look elsewhere for something that works even at a higher price. Mine went to the trash - I didn't want to threaten those at GoodWill or St. Vincent.Terrible design.",
81700,__label__1,cheese slicer: At first I liked this slicer but after just a few uses it broke and now is not usable.,
81701,__label__1,"Disappointing Durability: They just don't make cheese slicers like they used to these days. I thought I'd finally found a durable slicer, one that would last longer then an entire block of cheddar cheese.Well, yes, this one did last for about 4 blocks of cheese. It had good promise but just didn't live up to expectations.Anyone have recomendations for proven alternatives?",
81702,__label__1,"not very happy with this: We have had this for about a year and the wire broke. The bad part is that it is put together in a way that I can't fix it. I thought that maybe it would be a screw that I could loosen to put the wire back and then retighten, but no, it is welded or something so it goes in the garbage. Usually OXO makes good products but not this time.",
81703,__label__1,"Wire broke with 1st use: The wire broke the first time we tried to slice cheese. We went back to the store and exchanged it for a new one. The wire broke again with the first attempt to slice cheese!! Very disappointing, especially since our previous slicer with a similar design lasted 30 years with almost daily use.",
81704,__label__1,"melting pans: My mother in law bought some tool of the trade pans - I'm not sure just which ones. She left one on the stove too long and when she took it off the burner the bottom of the pan had melted. It burnt holes into the kitchen floor and luckily didn't burn her.The insurance company in our town said that another case in our area occurred when a lady was cooking in the kitchen with her toddler. Luckily it was only her cabinets that got splattered with the melting pot and burnt, not her child.These need to be taken off the market and recalled before someone gets hurt badly.If you like seared skin buy these pans.",
81705,__label__1,"A Major Step Backward: [read] was a wonderful Christian rock/pop album. Tight songwriting, inspired vocals, and catchy hook laced after catchy hook.Electric Soul pales starkly in comparison. The songwriting is lazy and predictable, the production is thin, and none of the hooks have made it over from that other LP.If you don't already own [read] and are looking for a solid Christian album, absolutely pick up a copy. I purchased it 15 years ago when it was released, and though I don't listen to much spiritual music anymore, I continue to come back to it every so often.If you already own [read] and were considering picking up more from the Curious Fools discography, look past this record.",
81706,__label__2,"Best Dancehall Compilation Going!: My opinion of standard Dancehall is a take-it or leave-it, but regardless of your music preferences you will like this CD. It's packed with more up-beat hits than any other Dancehall CD.",
81707,__label__1,"Poor customer service: I have no idea whether the product is any good, because I never received it. It took Webtreo several days to respond when I emailed them that the battery had not arrived by the end of the scheduled delivery period. They did say they would ship another battery. That second shipment never arrived. The first one did, finally, a couple of weeks later (I know it was the first one because of an ID number on the shipping label supplied by Webtreo after my original order). However, it was the wrong battery. The shipping list in the package had the right battery listed, but the battery did not fit my phone and information on the battery itself identified it as a different battery. Webtreo never responded to my email about sending the wrong battery. Amazon, however, did refund my money.",
81708,__label__2,"Highly original look at WWII Japan: I found this book a fascinating illumination of a little-examined aspect of WWII, the Japanese homefront. The consistency between the propaganda tools used during WWII and after the war during the occupation was intriguing and well illustrated, and the use of primary materials gave me a glimpse inside WWII Japan I've never seen before. This book isn't for everyone, but if you're interested in the topic, there's a lot to learn here.",
81709,__label__1,"Tedium Times Twenty: I am an avid fan of all film in general and Japanese film in particular. I read a review of this book in the Japan Times and was excited by the nice things Donald Ritchie had to say about it. Apparently, he read a different book. This one is dry, dull, and reads like a jumped-up version of someone's dissertation.",
81710,__label__2,"One of the best of its genre: If you have a sense of humor, and you must if you like Blaxploitation flicks, this is one of the most enjoyable. Invite some friends and have a big laugh...The pimp outfits are to die for....",
81711,__label__2,"Tony's Hits: Truck Turner, without a doubt, is only one of the greatest Blaxploitation movies, that I have had the pleasure of enjoying!!!!!",
81712,__label__2,"A Top-Notch Blaxploitation Flick!: When I bought this DVD, I was expecting a run-of-the-mill blaxploitation movie. It turned out to be much more! Isaac Hayes is smooth & tough as Truck Turner, a no-nonsense bounty hunter. I'm surprised that Hayes didn't a make many more movies like this. He's more interesting than some of the better-known blaxploitation stars. I'd rank this near the top of the heap (a notch or two below movies like SHAFT and ACROSS 110th STREET). This is a great choice if you're looking for a good shoot-em-up . . . with an attitude!",
81713,__label__2,"Mack ""Truck"" Turner is one bad mutha: This 1974 entry in the blacksploitation canon is a fun watch, even if it isn't""culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.""It took a little while to catch up to the jive talk without the aid ofBarbara Billingsley. Even then, some of the dialogue, especially Isaac Hayes' deep baritone, is difficult to hear. The best part of Truck Turner is Nichelle Nichols (Lieutenant Uhura) as a foul-mouthed madam. I detest hyperbole but that is truly a LOL scene. (See IMDb link below.) The best sight gag is probably the funeral procession full of pimp cars. Also really enjoyed the ""buddy cop"" character played by Alan Weeks, although it took me forever to finally place him: the drug pusher cornered in the opening (Brooklyn) scene ofThe French Connection.Good car chase, slammin' tunes (by Hayes, of course), epic costumes, and more political incorrectness than you can shake a bucket of fried chicken at!Genre rating: 4 stars",
81714,__label__2,"Is best practice ball: I saw a CBS News review of several practice golf balls. They said Qolf is the best. They were right. Although light you can feel when you hit it well. It is similar to a real golf ball except it goes about 2/3 as far and doesn't ""plug"" in the mud. If you shank one into a house or car it might not break anything.",
81715,__label__1,Complicated: I did not like this carrier. I wish I had kept the box so I could retrun it. The straps dont stay put and to put your infant in the device takes an act of God. Front carrier is ok but back carrier requires the child to be laying down and sitting still. Two impossible request.,
81716,__label__2,"GREAT all-around carrier: my daughter is now 17 months old, and about 21.5 lbs, and we still use this carrier. we started her out in front, facing me for walks outside to calm her as a newborn, then in front facing out, and she loved it. whenever I have yardwork to get done while the two of us are home alone, I put her in it, and she loves it. it seems to be fairly durable. the only discomfort is that now that she's near the weight limit, the front of the shoulder straps seem to want to pull into my chest a little & the sternum strap seems to put some pressure on my collarbone area, but I think part of it it too is my rather small stature. I never had those problems until she got this big either, though! it gets really easy to get on & off - if you can wear a vest, you can wear this. my husband never wore it, so I can't say how well it fit him/switched between us, but I am very happy with it.",
81717,__label__2,"School Daze!: Great news! You just got accepted onto the best boarding school in te country. But when you see it. you finally feel creeped out. If you take Science, you might end up with a transmitter implanted on your arm!",
81718,__label__2,"A sensational thrill: Well for one thing my head was spining!I didn't blink my eye's almost turned to glass just like the zombie's.And Rainwash, sounds more like Brainwash.Oh, and the monocle that miss simms's has, that's cool becuas you get to tell who's gonna turn in to a zombie.MR.R.L.Stine I'm not just try'ing to get the gift certificate I just whanted you to now that I started reading your book's when I was four, and now I'm ten and still colecting.I know I'm suppost to be telling about the other thing but I just wanted to tell you you'r my favroite auther I don't read any other book's yet!You'r a really great auther, keep on writing those spooky stories!Thank's for the inspiration!",
81719,__label__2,"What kid hasn't said ""I Just Forgot""?: This is a cute little story of little critter doing his chores. It is easy to read. My daughter is 6 years old and working on her reading, and this is just right for her to practice, she also loves the story. If your kid loves little critter, this is a great addition to their collection.",
81720,__label__2,"Excellent teaching tool for parents or childred: I purchased these Mercer Mayer books for out youngest son Darius, as teaching tools for ""life"" concepts. Of late, I've been giving them to my adult children as teaching tools for LIFE concepts, they cross the generational gap easily. My older boy, Ben (twenty-eight) was initially aggravated, but he read it, smiled. We talked, he assured me that he now ""get's it"". I would highly recommend these for any parent.",
81721,__label__2,"Books: My Sons Really enjoy it They want to hear the story every night, even as they get older they still listen",
81722,__label__2,"all kids should have a mercer mayer book!: Not much to say about it, my daughter and I love Mercer Mayer books (ok, so my daughter will let me read about anything to her... I'm the one that is addicted to this particular series!)",
81723,__label__1,"Sorry: The artistry is delightful, but I don't think I want my child to cherish a book where the mother often looks angry at the child and the child doesn't do what he is supposed to do because he just didn't want to. I wanted a sweet story for my child to go to bed with. This is not that story.",
81724,__label__2,"I just forgot - learning tool: This was the opinion of my grandaughter (4 years old) after reading the book with me (grandmother)Maria Cecilia explained to me:"" look , Little Critter behaves very bad -she didn't like the disorder around the Little Critter-, why the mother allows him to through things in the floor?; also she didn't like the image of the Critter when is not obeying his mother. She asked me is he is not going to school where one learn good things.At the end, I asked: Did you like the story? ""She said, yes, but I do not want to read it again"".",
81725,__label__2,"A lot of fun: I don't know why, but the first time I heard tracks from this, I laughed out loud. There's a lot of quirky humor in the music and vocals that feels very fresh. Good stuff.",
81726,__label__2,"Very Good Low-tech Cork Puller: I've had this for a year and can report it's a very good, no nonsense cork puller. It's not as fancy as the rabbit pullers but then this one is good for everyday use or to throw into the picnic carrier or shaving kit for a trip away.It does not leave cork parts in the wine. Requires some skill / patience / strength, however. The foil cutter is not the traditional knife blade but two sharp scoring edges. It works about 80% of the time (OXO: I think the edges should be sharper or bigger).Good value and recommended.",
81727,__label__1,Dangerous: I could never get the hang of this gadget and I am a handy person. It has broken corks and pinched my fingers....looking for something better.,
81728,__label__2,"Close but not quite!: I really like most of this corkscrew. It is a nice sturdy base and that makes it easy to leverage the cork out of the bottle, which is good since this is the reason I bought it. I had one that felt like it was bending every time you used it. The thing that I don't like about it is the foil cutter. I can't seem to line it up right to actually cut the foil or I don't seem to hold it hard enough. I have to get out a knife to cut the foil, or just pull the cork up through the foil.",
81729,__label__2,The Best Ever: This is the greatest small corkscrew in the world. The built in foil cutter is fantastic and a million times better than a knife. You can't beat it for the price.,
81730,__label__1,"Oxo Corkscrew: Ok..I am used to the wing corkscrew.. Got this as an altenate..Forget it..would not work for the life of me..If you are mechanically inadept, this is not for you. Go with the wing, or the Rabbit! And, there is no way to remove foil with this screw.Totally diappointed.",
81731,__label__1,"Good Grip - Too Short on Business End: I've broken a few corks with this tool, as the ""worm"" doesn't reach the bottom of some corks. Other foil cutters are easier to use. Like most OXO tools, this one feels comnfortable and steady in the hand. If you're opening an older bottle or one that has a particularly long cork, use another corkscrew.",
81732,__label__2,"A good portable corkscrew: This is not the corkscrew you want for home -- that honor goes to the Screwpull. But this IS the corkscrew you want to have with you when you travel. The open screw design means you can safely open old, dry corks without fear of breaking the cork off in the bottle. The foil cutter works well, even on those plastic bottle toppers. This corkscrew does require some practive, however, as you need to line up the screw correctly -- not in the center of the cork but more towards the edge, about halfway between center and edge. On one end is a tiny flip-out blade that can be used for cutting off the foil capsule. On the other end is a lever that serves as a brace that rests on the edge of the bottle to give you leverage when extracting the cork. This makes it easy to open a bottle of wine without setting it down on a tabletop.",
81733,__label__1,"Broke after a few months: Before the rivet holding it together got loose and then broke, it did a great job. Nice hand-feel for the first couple of months, but shoddy construction. Wasn't worth the time or effort to try to find receipt and return it. Hopefully new ones are built better.",
81734,__label__2,"Raoul in Colorado: Paul Horn takes 1960s contempory west-coast jazz to the edge with this incredible blow-out album. All musicians offer peak performances-Paul Moer on piano, Emil Richards, vibes; Jimmy Bonds is superb on bass as is Paul Horn on alto sax, flute and clarinet. The unique progressive melodies and arrangements are as exilerating now as when they were first introduced. No other album better exemplifies the creative genius of Paul Horn when he was at the top of his game. You have to hear it to believe it and once you hear it you will never forget it. Buy this CD now while its still available.",
81735,__label__2,bicycle pump: what can i say about a simple hand held bicycle pump apart from the fact that it does the job it's supposed to do.,
81736,__label__1,"dull, unimaginative study of fascinating topic: Nelson's academic approach to the subject renders her treatment of exceptionally lively and fascinating subject matter dry, but fails to be insightful. Her style is pedestrian, sometimes pedantic. Jonathon Green's 'All Dressed Up: The Sixties and the Counter-culture'(1998) and 'Days in the Life: Voices of the British Underground, 1961-71'(1988), Nigel Fountain's 'Underground'(1988), Roger Hutchinson's 'High Sixties'(1992)and Richard Neville's 'Hippie Hippie Shake'(1995) are all so much better. Perhaps part of Nelson's problem is that she is based in Australia, remote from the scene she describes, whereas the authors I mention above were all protagonists in the London counter-culture.",
81737,__label__1,"typo in the ad: Like the earlier reviewer, I got one roll (no use at all) when the order form said I would be getting 2. I'm on hold now with the people who make the film who are trying to figure out whether I should ship it back and start over somewhere else or what.Amazon FIX the TYPO, guys!",
81738,__label__1,ONLY ONE ROLL!!!!: BEWARE!!!! I ordered and only received ONE roll....that does not help much when machine requires TWO! Talked to customer service and they can't give me a straight answer yet. The internet said it comes with TWO ROLLS,
81739,__label__1,False advertising!!!!: I too ordered this item thinking it was a 2 roll pack and received onlyone roll. Company did not bother to make good. Just told me to return it.,
81740,__label__1,"how can I review what I have not read?: How can I review unless I have the item? I do a lot of work with children in the arts, crafts, recycling, sharing, and enjoying differences in God's garden",
81741,__label__2,"super cute, great quality: My 8 months old daughter loves these cute colorful little bath toys. They float in her tub and keep her occupied while I bath her. She even takes one with her when I take her out of the tub and during dressing. Well made product, also great as gift.",
81742,__label__2,GOOD QUALITY: This is well made and is worth the price(less than 15). To me it seems pretty heavy. It is not flimsy.,
81743,__label__2,"Nice blanket: Nice simple blanket for the money. Soft, warm, but not too warm. A summer blanket, or one that could be layered beneath comforter.",
81744,__label__2,"Great blanket: The blanket is very high quality. It is heavy, yet does not make you too warm. It was just as described. Not too heavy and not too light. We love it!",
81745,__label__2,"Great thin blanket: This was exactly what I was looking for; a thin, light-weight blanket that keeps its color through washes. Great blanket and very vibrant color. Also cannot beat the price!",
81746,__label__2,"Nice heavy blanket: I bought this at a deep discount, not knowing exactly what I would be getting. Turns out, this was a great buy. I fold it in half and use it on the couch to keep warm. It's nice and heavy and serves its' purpose well.",
81747,__label__1,"Rough blanket: From reading other customer reviews, I thought that this blanket would be decently soft but it really isn't. It's like sleeping with cardboard. It is a good weight, however, it is irritating to my skin and I use it only as a blanket for my cat (even he doesn't prefer it. He would rather sleep directly on my comforter rather than on this blanket). I would not suggest buying this blanket. Save your money.",
81748,__label__1,"Winkie doesn't Wink!: Well,I'm a big Temple fan and I certainly didn't totally hate this movie but I sure didn't totally love it. This movie may be good to someone who is interested in this kind of stuff but for an 11 year old girl who loves to see the dancing and singing Shirley this comes as quite a disapoitment.I read that this was Temple's favorite movie of hers. While I can't criticize her opinion I think she has done much better. Wee Willie Winkie doesn't even wink! Some ok parts but if you're a Shirley fan you probably would rather stick to doing something else.",
81749,__label__2,"Fantastic movie: I love all Shirley movies, but this one takes her actinga cut above. It allows Shirley to show her acting range.I loved the story especially because it made you laugh and cry.The scenery is beautiful and so is the story!",
81750,__label__1,"Rubber Maid 1006 Blue Ice Soft Pack: Bought two,each developed a leak in less then a month. Very disappointed in quality of merchandise.Quick delivery and well packaged.",
81751,__label__1,"LOOKING FOR SOETHING BETTER: THIS WAS NOT AS GOOD AS I HAD HOPED. I LIVE IN THE CAPITAL OF NOWHERE GROCERY SHOPING IS 65 MILES, A GOOD GROCERY STORE IS 150 MILEM ONE WAY, SO COOLER CHEST WITH ICE PACK ARE A WAY OF LIFE, NOT IMPRESSED WITH THESE AT ALL",
81752,__label__2,"Mislabeled Description, Author: For some reason, the Book Description and About the Author information above (as of 5/14/12) are for a different book.",
81753,__label__1,"Comment on breaking load capacity: I've read the comment about how easy it is to use this item. As well the breaking load of the webbing is mentioned, but I'm sure that the hook as well as the ratchet don't have this breaking load. Especially in a country like the USA is this a dangerous thing.I hope that this will prevent people getting big troubles if the load on their car falls down and causes accidents with personal damage.",
81754,__label__1,"Useless cookbook for families: We don't all live by farmer's markets or in big cities. Too many ingredients (some hard to find in many places) and too long preparation time for stressed out families. I'm sorry Jamie, but I don't have time when I come home from work to crack open a coconut and shred it for fixing a sallad which, by the way, my family won't like. The amount of fat, especially saturated fat in the recipes is astounding. Fine for once a week, but for everyday? I was very disappointed in this cookbook, I'm sorry to say.",
81755,__label__2,"inspiring and down-to-earth: this cookbook is the best for home cooks who are passionate about cooking and food, but also need to be thoughtful, realistic and economical in feeding their families. there are a lot of wonderful recipes in here, but the best chapter for me is called ""Family Tree,"" which gives you a homemade ingredient that you can make a lot of, like Jamie's simple but excellent tomato sauce, and then work into several meals over the course of a week or so. The way Jamie writes, and even the way he uses approximate measures, like a ""handful of basil"", encourages the home cook to have more confidence, imagination and fun in the kitchen. A complete beginner may need a book with more exact instructions, but for someone a bit comfortable and practiced, this book can really recharge the way you make everyday meals. i'm grateful to have it in my kitchen!",
81756,__label__2,Easy to follow and delicious recipes!: I completely lack any culinary talents but I made the porkchops entree and it turned super! Exactly like the picture - which looks like a gourmet dish - and so very delicious! The recipes are easy to follow and easy to modify to your tastes! I can't wait to try out more recipes and know that this will be a well used book.,
81757,__label__2,"Fresh Food cooked simply by a very cool chef: I love watching Jamie Oliver on the cooking shows. He uses all very simple, very fresh ingredients, in simple dishes that look wonderful. He is very charming, love the accent!",
81758,__label__2,"Jamie Oliver - Jamie's Dinners: You can never go wrong with Jamie,I own all of his books and this is my favorite. He makes the simplest ingredients come to life. Gives you a whole new perspective on english food.",
81759,__label__2,simply one of the best chefs: Jamie goes from cook to world class chef!This book is a must have for families who love to cook as a fam.,
81760,__label__2,"Intriguing and Useful: I love this book.At first glance, many of the recipes look a bit ""out there,"" but they are all pretty intriguing so you want to try them out. Once you try them out a) you are surprised at how simple the recipe actually is and b) you are hooked on the book. At least, that's how it worked for me.Personal favorites: my finicky son loved the mac 'n cheese. In fact, it has loads of tomatoes and then, I added spinach to it. So it was healthy in terms of macs.The South Indian Seafood soup was a hit. As was the chorizo/chickpea soup.Looking forward to more cooking with this book!",
81761,__label__2,"great all around cookbook: i got this book a few years ago when i first wanted to cook professionally. i am now a dinner chef at a cafe, and this is my go-to cookbook when i cant think of the last dinner special or salad for the night. everything is presented in an easy to follow, throw together style, and you rarely have need for a mesuring device other than your hands. i dont think ive made any recipe in this book that i havent liked. i have bought this book as a present on a few occassions for cooks of all levels. i definately recommend this book to anyone.",
81762,__label__2,"Interesting food but very sweet...: This is a different kind of cookbook in my opinion, in a good way.I LOVE reading Jamie's comments, he writes just like he sounds on TV which makes the book VERY enjoyable. I often read it before I go to bed. I didnt actually want this cookbook, but I got it last year as a X-mas gift and I am gald. Some of the recipes are ummm different, that is why when I saw it for the first time I didnt buy it. I think that is me though, I am still new to cooking and I dont think I could pull some of these recipes off. With that said after I actually took time to read it there are penty of recipes I plan on trying. It is a HUGE book and it took me some time to thumb through. As a newbie to cooking there are lots of good meal ideas and ones to aspire to. It is worth the money just for a good read :)",
81763,__label__1,"Not Worth The Money!: This video was poorly done. You can tell it was amature made. The five woman that grace the cover are the main woman throughout the movie. They throw in a couple of other girls, but their butts aren't as big as the first five you see. The background music is Ok; it grows on you throughout the movie.The only reason why I rate this a 2 is because of the butts, other than that it would have received a 1.",
81764,__label__1,"Not Worth The money!: The video starts out ok,but then it get worst. The woman you see on the cover are the main woman throughout the DVD. It gets boring as you go on. The pro side of this DVD are the butts,which are great, but the con side of this DVD is you can tell it's amature made. The video does not give you much vartiey of woman at all. Unless, you consider five brazilan woman a varitey,which also grace the cover of the DVD. The only reason why I gave this DVD a 2 is because of the butts, other than that, it would have received a 1. This DVD was poorly done.",
81765,__label__1,"It is Interesting at least: Wow! What a crappy show. This CD is only for completests, which I am afraid includes me. It was interesting to hear the singing voice of Maureen O'hara, but the music it self is basically just boring, and not even bad enough to laugh at. It sounds like a show written by an amateur for a little theatre group to put on.",
81766,__label__2,"Economic excellence: This is a really good and insightful book for anyone interested in economics, especially as it relates to determining factors in economic growth. In about 150 pages, North presents an interesting and thought provoking theory of economic growth.",
81767,__label__1,"Not enough economics for someone interested in economics; not captivating enough for anyone: As a fan of the economic focus on institutions, I was excited to read one of Douglass North's books. North is the founder of this school, it would seem, and won a Nobel for it.Unfortunately, North's book hasn't enough mathematics to satisfy those with a quantitative bent, nor enough elegance to captivate anyone. I had to put it down after 80 pages (of 140 or so). I haven't felt like precious moments of my life were being lost so viciously since I last hurled Cryptonomicon across the room. I'm told that I should read North's papers rather than his books; this seems wise.If you want to read books that refocus economics on institutions, I'd strongly suggest starting with Bowles's ""Microeconomics: Behavior, Institutions, and Evolution."" It's the best synthesis of the subject that I've seen, bringing in threads from evolutionary game theory and probably every major economist from the las",75 yea
81768,__label__1,"Ordered new, paid for new, & received a used one: Very dissatisfied, simply i paid for a new book and recieved a used one. I do not recommend dealing with the seller.",
81769,__label__2,"Recommendations: My two year old loves this book. I was hoping to find some other books for my daughter by checking reviews from other readers, but no one had any- so I thought I would recommend Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (another sing songy favorite that we have memorized) and Eric Carle's book about Papa getting the Moon (exact title escapes me). The Carle book is a necessity if your child likes the moon like ours does.",
81770,__label__2,"Great For Reading, Great For Singing!: I lov this book and use it every year at story hours for kids ages 2 and up and we have a great time singing and acting out the book. I even sing it with the one year olds--we just act out the animals as we sing the song!My favorite memories of this book/song are of my then 2 year old daughter singing ""Zoo,zoo, zoo!"" in the back of the car whenever she wanted us to sing this together!If you don't know the tune for this, you can find it on the Peter,Paul and Mary album ""Peter Paul and Mommy"". In fact, if you look it up here at Amazon you can hear a clip of the song. Sadly, the Tom Paxton recording is out of print.And don't worry about your voice quality--kids just love it when you sing with them!",
81771,__label__1,"Did Not Buy This Item: Some mistake somewhere, I did not buy this product! I did buy another product for my Hydrofloss machine but not this.",
81772,__label__1,"Made for a child or small woman: This was the worst pair of jeans I have ever bought in my life. The specs implied that it would fit on one's waist, however with the crotch being so short it barely reached my hips. I normally wear waist size 31, which I ordered, but with this pair of jeans, the zipper almost could not go up. In addition, I am not a person with large legs, but this pair of jeans hugged me like it was made for a woman who wants to show off her assets. I would have returned my purchase, but where I am living it would cost double what the jeans are worth, so I will just have to accept my losses.",
81773,__label__2,very good jeans: It's a very good pant for my husband. Nothing too special or fancy; he is very satisfied because he got what he expected,
81774,__label__1,WANT TO RETURN: this pair of jeans did not fit as expected. THEY LOOK REALLY BAD ON ME. I would like to send them back.,
81775,__label__2,"levis: He looks hot in them, thanks! What more can I say? They didn't stay on for very long........can't share any more details.",
81776,__label__1,"wrong color: I ordered stone washed jeans because I like the look and feel, I was sent regular blue jeans. Because I needed pants now not later I kept them but I'm not happy! As usual the jeans are good they are Levi's after all but NOT what I paid for. ARE YOU EITHER COLOR BLIND OR ILLITTERATE AT AMAZON NOW. M.S.",
81777,__label__2,"t's a very Good jean: They're good sellers and the product is very good, I like so much this jean. Ellos son muy buenos vendedores, el producto llego rapido a mis manos y era el esperado, los recomiendo ampliamente.",
81778,__label__1,"Way to long: I had ordered Levis jeans before, and the sizes fits always perfect, in this case this jeans were suppose to be a 34 waist 30 long... but it looks like a 32 or 34 long.",
81779,__label__2,"Fav for riding unlined: If you promise not to tell anybody, I wear lined jeans from eddie bauer or llbean when it gets cooler. I wear these when it gets warmer. True to size, don't shrink too much.",
81780,__label__1,"The ""rigid"" wash isnot a good wash!: I bought these jeans for my husband at Christmas. I knew that they would be stiff when I got them, and they were new so that is OK. But the first few times these have been washed, inside out or right-side out, they have faded and have horrible crease marks in the jeans, like the starch that was in them when they were new was just too much. I am disappointed in these jeans. After 6 washings they have weird lines on them and I cannot get them to go away. My advice, don't get the RIGID rinse..",
81781,__label__1,"poor quality control: ordered 32 inch length. first pair was 4"" too long. recieved a replacement pair and they were 2"" too long. poor quality control on this product",
81782,__label__1,"This is terrible! I am upset and disappointed!: This is terrible! I am upset and disappointed!I ordered a pair of 517 jeans using a size . The jeans mailed to me showed the size on the Levi's patch, however they were several inches too long and the waist was much wider than normal. This was definitely not the size stated on the label.Very frustrating, especially after we were eagerly anticipating their arrival I hesitate to mail-order jeans again after this experience.",
81783,__label__2,"new jeans: I am happy with the jeans and how they fit, but usually when I get 517's, they are really stiff and then I get to break them in. This pair was already like pre-washed,just differnt than what I am used to, but I still like them and will wear them. Maybe I have to look into differnt types and find exactly what I am looking for next time. Thank you",
81784,__label__1,My thoughts on Levis Boot cut: I am not fat by any means. I am in fact built. Both pairs ripped in the seat after 3 months. Beware when buying them. Levis boot cut jeans.,
81785,__label__2,"Good looking with or without boots great fit for motorcycling: Have had these jeans for a few weeks now & am very satisfied.The flair from the knee down is discrete and does not look like the 70's bell-bottoms. The fit on top was precisely as marked. The length seems about 1/2 inch longer than sized on the 501's.Was formerly utilizing 501 slim fit jeans but found that could not place them over motorcyle boots. The 501s were great for rainy rides, but look too much like a cowboy, when tucked into the boots.",
81786,__label__1,Mrs: The pants are not true to size.Nor was it medium it was light color. They are too long. Not 36x29. More like 36x30May I return for exchange? The darker colorIndigo are true to size not stonewash.We are not satisfied with merchandise.Please send Return Label for exchange.Thank you.alfredawhtd@gmail.com,
81787,__label__1,"Sizing Was Way Off: In the same order I purchased these and another pair of Levi's jeans, in a dfferent cut. Both pairs were ordered in the same size. The other pair fit fine, just like every other pair of jeans that I've ordered in this size. These jeans, however, were about three sizes too small. I double checked every tag just to make sure they weren't improperly labeled, but according to every tag and sticker on the jeans, they were the size I had ordered. Ever since my favorite cut of Levi's (569) have been changed, it's been hard to find a good pair of jeans. Thankfully Amazon offers free returns, back to the warehouse these go!",
81788,__label__2,"Happy: Authentic, just as described. Fast delivery. I am very satisfied with purchase. Smooth, one stop purchase. Husband will be very happy on Christmas day! Thank you.",
81789,__label__2,"Great fit for women too!: As an active equestrian rider, and a woman of 59 years, I'm ALWAYS looking for comfortable jeans that sit at my waist -- I don't like women's jeans at all - the fabric in women's jeans seems flimsy, and the low-rise, hip-hugging jeans for riding or leisure wear feels uncomfortable. The men's Levis and men's Lee jeans are very comfortable, and they can handle my active life --- for me, men's Levis 517 bootcut jeans have best variety for colors, and toughest quality in fabric.",
81790,__label__2,"Lewis Jeans: Great pants. I wish there was a size 33 by 35. I always have a hard time with pants size. I can get a length 34, which shrink after a wash or a 36 that drags because there too long. But there is no length 35 in pants, so I don't have much of choice.",
81791,__label__2,Return to a better design: Great black on black bootcut jeans. They have even gone back to adding two additional belt loops a feature that went away several years ago.,
81792,__label__1,"pants are dragging: Will not shop with this vendor again. I ordered 2 pair of jeans. After washing them to shrink, they were still 3 inches too long. CLOTHING TAGS DID NOT MATCH the actual size. I'm a guy, I build houses but can't sew, so now I have to pay a seamstress. Vendor sucks, but Amazon was good about the whole thing.Dano.",
81793,__label__2,Great fitting jeans for a hard to find size.: My son wears a 36 Waist x 36 lenght which is very hard to find. The Levi's Men's 517 are about the only jeans he likes and these fit him perfectly. They were shipped very quickly and the price was excellent. They were a birthday gift and he loves them.,
81794,__label__2,Real Jeans: After numerous failed attempts at the 527's on amazon I finally got a clue and got these jeans. They are PERFECT.....great fit....weight....etc....just like the jeans I wore in high school 20 years ago...... I'm already thinking about a second pair. The light rancher is the perfect color.... As for the 527's MADE IN BANGLADESH.....amazing they could ever bear the levis name...perhaps they were counterfeit. Thanks amazon for my true and needed exchange. The original pair of jeans I ordered....yes the 527.....was complete trash. These 517's are real jeans for real cowboys....and I'm not one....but I do wear a ton of boots....,
81795,__label__2,"Great jeans!: These jeans fit to size perfectly (for me), are comfortable to wear, and have adequate material to reach a guy's waist... not hip-huggers. I'll buy more of these! Not a deal-breaker by any means but I would prefer them to not have the size label outside... it seems Levi's always does this.",
81796,__label__2,"A Shrink-to-Fit jeans...: Amazon did not mentioned in the description that this pair of jeans is a Shrink-to-Fit fabric. No question on the quality..it's still an amazing jeans, the great Levi's jeans, never goes out of style...Take 31"" waistline x 30"" inseam if your size is 30 x 30.",
81797,__label__2,Rigid is not a color!: Good quality but I wish I had done more research on the colors. Ordered rigid because of the look online however the denim itself is rigid.,
81798,__label__2,"Love my 517's: My wife thinks it's funny that I rate my jeans with numbers, but, as a former 505's man, I now prefer the 517's 'cause ride my horses more and were my boots more... plus, they just, plain feel good when they're on me....",
81799,__label__2,"Levi quality, Amazon selection!: Needed a size that few brick & mortar stores keep in stock. Amazon had style I wanted in the size that I wanted at a good price!",
81800,__label__2,Levi survey: My husband has been wearing Levi's since he was a teenager. They are the most durable jeans and he loves the boot cut.,
81801,__label__1,"Yikes. These are tight!!!: I'm 5'11"" 185 lbs, muscular build. It took effort to stuff my thighs and bits into these, leaving me uncomfortable throughout the day. Luckily I was able to find a friend these worked for.",
81802,__label__2,Levi's 517 Boot Cut jeans: Exactly what my hubby wants. It's difficult to find his size in our local stores. Very happy Amazon now has Levi's in his size.,
81803,__label__1,"Levis Suck!!!: When the Chinese bought-out Levi Strauss & Co. they surrendered the quality of the Levi brand to history. Levi is not now or will they ever return to being the best pants money can buy. Shame, Shame, Shame on Levi Strauss & Co. Levis are not even of high enough quality to be considered ""suckfull"". Levis are now just another company making highly generic clothes from China, Honduras, Bangladesh, or wherever...",
81804,__label__1,unhappy: The length is way off. I have 30L with shorter legs. Other than that they would be OK I guess. But I wouldn't have bought them if I knew the length was a lie.,
81805,__label__2,"Satisfecha: Completamente satisfecha con el producto, exactamente igual a lo que ofrecieron. LLego en el tiempo estimado que prometieron. Ninguna queja, volveria a comprar de nuevo.",
81806,__label__2,Good price.: Good deal on the jeans and speedy shipping. My first pair of boot cut jeans. My girl friend really likes them on me. I got the dark blue (rinse). Fit good and comfortable.,
81807,__label__2,"Just in Time for Christmas: I ordered these jeansLevi's Men's 517 Boot Cut Jeanfor a Christmas gift a short time before Christmas. I knew the size. I was somewhat concerned that I would not get them on time for Christmas The package came just before Christmas, and the jeans were exactly as pictured, nicely packaged (each pair separately enclosed in plastic bag), the right size and color. I was very pleased, as was the recipient of the gift!",
81808,__label__2,Great pair of jeans!: Levi's 517 Boot Cut JeansWhat a nice pair of rugged jeans. And I got them so FAST!! Thanks again.Roxann Hill,
81809,__label__1,"G & L Clothing: Great product. Communication was lacking. Amazon website indicated 2 pair were available at time of purchase. When they were not received in a timely fashion (ordered for a birthday present), I initiated communication with G&L Clothing. They stated the merchandise was out of stock & had to be ordered. I will buy this product again, but not from this company. They should have been proactive in notifying me of the backorder issue instead of remaining silent.",
81810,__label__1,"Height does not correspond to the size of the product: I feel disappointed with this product levi's, in many occasions I have bought this brand of jeans in my country and for amazon and I never had problems with the heights, they all have come perfect, but this product not come correctly, my height is 34x 32 though these trousers have this marked height, is not correctly. this one is too small and I have others identical of the same height and model and I still have them excellent, I feel disappointed by this purchase. I have ten jeans of the same brand of diverse models 34x32 and I still have them correct, this one not. The height marked in this jeans is not real.",
81811,__label__1,"Toooo Long: Tags on clothing say 29"" length. They are 30 1/2"" so I have to hem them. According to Levi's website they do not have a 29"" length so?",
81812,__label__1,"Levi's is all over the place: I am a long time fan of Levi's but this company is all over the place. I cannot understand how there numerical style system works because it is almost meaningless. I got these and the waist was too big, thighs too small and boot cut seems to be almost more of a bell bottom look rather than having room for boots. I then got a size smaller locally of the 514 straight fit and they were almost the exact same overall, including the boot area. So if your waist measures 34 with a measuring tape, this 34 is too large and 33 in the 514 is also too large. However, the thighs are tight in both so I figure a 32 (which possibly might actually measure 34) is probably going to looking like skinny jeans. because the thighs will be too small. So good luck with all that.",
81813,__label__1,"Levi's changes sizes again: I have worn the 517 for over twenty five years and Levi's exclusively over 50 years. Two years ago, the cut changed and all 517's were relaxed fit. Send back and change size because they were too big. SO I ordered the same thing but now 517's are ""slim cut"". Doesn't work on me, I need some extra room. Now the number is 557 for the relaxed fit and I get to pay the postage to return the wrong cut jeans. Shame on Levi's: they should not have changed these 2 years ago and then change again this year.",
81814,__label__1,"Levi's are not what they use to be: Quality is no longer the same and the fit varies from wich country it is made and the mood of that worker that day!!! One day hopefully we'll start making are own merchandise like the old days, with quality and pride!!!",
81815,__label__1,"These are NOT your classic 517s: DO NOT buy new 517s if you are looking for the slim, fitted, look of the classic Levi's 517. That's been left in the dust. Apparently Levi's thinks only fat people wear jeans now.These jeans have so much extra fabric it's almost comical. I bought a pair online, set the jeans out on the floor, and even with a 29 waist, there is so much extra fabric they look like women's jeans! It's like they have room for hips or something.Gimme a break, someone who buys 517's is not going for the baggy gangster look, they're 517s!!!Thoroughly disappointed with the direction Levi's have taken the fit of their jeans, I will never buy a pair again.Don't be fooled by the other reviews that say these have a classic fit. They have a baggy, frumpy, 'modern' couch potato fit.",
81816,__label__1,"Levi's 517 Boot Jean was not the advertised size: I ordered a pair of 517 jeans using a size I had used for years. The jeans mailed to me showed the size on the Levi's patch, however they were several inches too long and the waist was much wider than normal. This was definitely not the size stated on the label.Very frustrating, especially after we were eagerly anticipating their arrival 2 weeks after the order was placed. I hesitate to mail-order jeans again after this experience.",
81817,__label__2,Levi's 517: I was a bit concerned about this purchase. My husband likes the boot cut style and that was an excellent choice for my purchase. I have zero compliants other then I wish I'd bought more!,
81818,__label__2,"A little to big: Will have to wash several times for them to fit. I buy this size all the time from other retailers and they aren't this big. Like the color and the style. They just run big I guess. Mainly in the length. Would buy again, just a smaller size.",
81819,__label__2,"Good classic jeans: The jeans are a good deep color. Wish they weren't quite as thin as jean material seems to be getting, but seems they are all like that now. Overall a good pair of jeans.These are hard to find in 36x36, so I'm glad Amazon carries them.",
81820,__label__2,"Quality and fit is good, Need more sizes.: I have always appreciated the fit and quality of Levi jeans. The boot cut has a closer fit around the knee with comfortable room in the hips and waist. What Levi Strauss needs to understand is that there is a huge population of men out there that has a 31 inch inseam. Men between 5'9"" and 6' fall into this size range. My growth did not stop at 30"" inseam, and did not make it to 32"". So I either buy high water jeans that show my socks, or I let the cuffs drag the floor which signicantly reduces the life of the jeans. I liked the fit enough that I spent an additional $10 to get them hemmed to 31.",
81821,__label__2,"excelent: love this jeans, the fabric is really good and the cut is impecable. it is original and the communication was really easy, i recieved really fast.",
81822,__label__2,They were a Christmas gift: I gave these Jeans to my daughter's friend for Christmas and he really likes them.He is real thin and wears motorcycle boots.He likes how they fit and loves the boot cut.He especially likes the rugged material.,
81823,__label__1,"unhappy: Received jeans. Color was correct but it was clearly marked ""slim"" and my son needed a regular.It was clearly marked on all packaging that it was slim but never said so on the website and he wore them anyway to an event so I couldn't return. Waste of $40",
81824,__label__1,"VERY Tight!: I am a size 30x32 and buy alot of jeans. I also carry a concealed weapin in my waistband and for the most part, never have a problem with any other jeans. These jeans, however were so tight that i could barely button them even without my weaponi on me.",
81825,__label__1,Never Shop Here Again: Purchased Two Pair Of Jeans Only Got One. Was Told They Only Had One Pair And Never Heard Another Word But Got Charged For Two Pair.,
81826,__label__2,"Ordered for Teen Son: I ordered these jeans for my 16yo son & he really liked them. The only thing he would have preferred was a lower rise, but he's wearing them without complaints. :)",
81827,__label__2,"Great Jeans: These are the jeans I always buy, they are a great comfortable fit. It is also great that Amazon stocks the size I need, it's impossible to get from the shops.",
81828,__label__1,TOO BAGGY: too baggy. The wwrong side was received. I need 40 X 34 and received 42 X 34. I washed them ( I wash all new clothes before wearing) and then found them to be too large. I Looked at the size tag and saw it saying 42 X 34. I re-ordered the correct size which fits right. I guess I am stuck with the fat pants.,
81829,__label__2,"517: I bought the 517 as I prefer this cut to any other one of the Levi's catalog, I place it even above the so famous 501. I'm fully satisfied",
81830,__label__2,Too long even for boot cut.: We will take these to alterations but they were about 5 inches too long. Otherwise they are very nice.,
81831,__label__2,"My new favorite levis: 100% recomended, i have no doubt that i am going to buy another, it is really regular fit and boot cut",
81832,__label__2,Levi's 517 boot jean: This is the only jean my husband wears. He has the hardest time finding 36x29. This is a perfect fit for him. When he needs more I will return to amazon.,
81833,__label__2,"Nice jeans: These seemed a bit darker in person than pictured but they were a great pair of jeans for my husband. This is his favorite style of jeans and he needed a new pair of ""dressy jeans."" Same great jeans as in the past.",
81834,__label__2,"Levi's are the greatest!: All the Levi's I purchased for my 16 year old son were 'made to fit'! From the straight to boot cut, they all were a perfect fit for his personal taste. They are well made and very stylish.",
81835,__label__2,tight in the thighs: Jeans are a little tight in the thighs for my husband. It didn't come with packing slip so I'm hoping I can return them!,
81836,__label__1,"Too small for 34 size compared with other 34 sizes: I ordered 4 jeans, 34 size each, the Boot Cut is 1 size smaller than the 505 Straight Fit I also purchased in same order.",
81837,__label__1,"they smell weird: I ordered 2 pair in the rinsed color, they have a very strong chemical odor that only got stronger after washing them. I am returning them.",
81838,__label__2,"Size & style still the same...: Style & size stayed true since the last time I bought a pair, after gettingLevi's Men's 527 Low Rise Boot Cut Jeanthat are nothing like they used to be that's all a shopper can ask.",
81839,__label__2,"Excellent diagrams, poor paper quality: This is a great book. It covers equine anatomy in detail so you know what you are working with. The are tons of diagrams and drawings. It reads like a textbook, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but it's not exactly easy, light reading at bedtime :) The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is that the book feels cheaply made. The paper is very thin, and it seems like someone just xeroxed the pages and mailed them out. The cover should be plastic or a thicker bond of paper. Don't get me wrong, the spiral binding is a great idea--makes it easy to have a page open at the stables. But my pags are aleady starign to tear out a bit.",
81840,__label__2,"it was GREAT!: had this book been smaller, it would have been perfect! or had more photos.... i used it as a reference while i was working on my horse and it was kind of hard to manage both the massage and the reading at the same time;)",
81841,__label__2,"Honesty: This is a very informative book, detailed in every way. The only problem is understanding the parts being I am a layman. But with much study I believe this book will help me recognize and determine the proper procedure to take to better comfort my mare.",
81842,__label__2,Equine Massaeg: A Practical Guide: This book is very good. My horse has back problems and I found the book helpful as to how to massage him so he feels better. The book has alot of great information and I would recommend it highly.,
81843,__label__2,"So cute!: These ornaments are adorable! I love the fact that they light up when plugged into your own light strand and they are sizable ornaments. I bought a bunch for Christmas gifts and at this price for Dept 56, they are a steal!",
81844,__label__2,This is good start for kids: I have 5 sets of Let's Start Smart Learning to Read Series. This is for learning short vowels. This contains a lot of fun music and animation as well as others.,
81845,__label__1,"An Uninspiring Read: Darden Asbury Pyron has a rather dry style which made this a rather boring and long-winded read for me. He has done little but assemble historical facts and comments and package them up in his own uninspiring style - rather reminiscent of school history textbooks - and added a few of his own little presumptions and snide remarks about Liberace's ambitions, achievements and lifestyle.",
81846,__label__1,"An Uninspiring Read: Darden Asbury Pyron has a rather dry style which made this a rather boring and long-winded read for me. He has done little but assemble historical facts, comments and reports from the time, package them up in his own rather uninspiring style - rather reminiscent of school history textbooks - and add a few of his own little presumptions/subtly snide remarks about Liberace's ambitions, achievements and lifestyle.",
81847,__label__2,"Astrid - If this is playing dead they must be amazing live: What a surprise this CD was. I was actually after the female singer Astrid but this came up and I bought it anyway. The style is not original by any means but this CD takes you through a veritable menu of entrees, main course and a cracking dessert. The music flows beautifully and each track has a story to it; the energetic style really leaps off the disc and submerges your ears in delightful, singalong-type-phonics. The lyrics are carefully poised and anyone should be able to relate to the feelings they generate. Buy this CD and play it when you're down. You'll be back up in no time. Best track - Play Dead",
81848,__label__1,"PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!: This is another ""miracle"" product that I wasted money on. The first time I tried the product, I used it on my stomach, there was no difference. Although upset, I didn't want to completely give up after one use. After trying the legs, thighs, and arms, and seeing no inch loss using tape measure, the rest of the product went right in the garbage. I know many people don't want to hear this, but the best way to lose pounds and inches without side effects is to exercise and eat right. This is a fact that I am struggling to deal with myself. There's no such thing as a ""miracle"" product, but if someone finds one, let me know......",
81849,__label__1,Not so great: I don't like this as much as I thought I would. The cork always gets caught in the holder & it is not as strong as I imagined.,
81850,__label__1,"Broke on first use!: Wow. I have other OXO products that I like and use, but this one is a real disappointment. The very first time I used it, the corkscrew broke off halfway into the cork. That's right, the corkscrew (the curly spiral part) -- not the cork. I managed to get it out of the cork (the cork was still in the bottle), and upon examination it seemed clear it's not repairable. So out it goes. I'm just glad it wasn't more than ten bucks.",
81851,__label__1,"no good: this corkscrew is flawed in several ways: in spite of its ""ergonomic"" design, it is awkward to use. the screw is too short and often mauls the cork beyond recognition and reuse. simply screwing it into the cork and pulling the wings down does not pull the cork far enough out of the bottle--you have to wiggle, wiggle, wiggle it. save your money.",
81852,__label__1,"not for me: Sorry, but I think this corkscrew is unwieldy. I bought an Oneida waiter's corkscrew at the same time I bought the Oxo, and I much prefer the Oneida -- a snap to use and esthetically more pleasing.",
81853,__label__1,"broke after 2 years of (very occasional) use: i had this for 2 years and used it about once a month. i was very happy with it at first, since it was very easy to use. however i found that it had no way of stopping when the cork had been screwed up high enough, and it just kept going, so that the cork would become wedged in the opener, then it would break off and i would have to use a knife to try and prise the cork out of the device. this happened a few times, and the last time i just couldn't get the cork out, which meant i couldn't use the corkscrew, because it already had a cork around the top part of it. after a while i had to throw it out.",
81854,__label__1,Broke the First Time I Tried to Use It: I purchased this product because Oxo has a good reputation. This thing broke the first time I tried to use it. It came apart into several pieces and couldn't be salvaged. Such GARBAGE!! Would NOT recommend.,
81855,__label__1,"Cheap, expected more from OXO: Ours broke within a year. The mechanism stripped after about 5 uses, leaving us with the screw in the cork, and no way to get it out. Spend a little more money on a better piece. Good wine deserves a good corkscrew.",
81856,__label__1,"Terrible: I drink more wine than I sometimes like to admit, and so I open a lot of bottles. I've used waiter's corkscrews, the fancy two prong kind, the lever 'Rabbit' ones, and the standard winged kind, like this OXO version.I have to say, of every wine opener I have ever used, this is the worst by far. I love every other item I've tried that carries the OXO name, but this one is a miserable failure. My main complaint is that when you line the screw up with the cork, and the wings are down, there's nowhere to grab for stability when turning the knob on the top. You have to kind of poke your fingers between where the wings meet and squeeze. Once you do get it going, half the time it only goes part of the way in and you end up with a half-removed, or worse - broken - cork.Terrible terrible terrible. But the $2 winged corkscrew at the grocery store instead. Even better, get a good quality waiters corkscrew and never worry about how you're going to open a bottle of wine again.",
81857,__label__1,"Not Good: The grip is great, but the ""screw"" part of the corkscrew extends too far below the lip. By the time it's all the way into the cork, the wings are only halfway up, meaning that when you push them down, the cork pops only about halfway out.I have to tug just as much as I do with my Swiss army knife corkscrew.",
81858,__label__2,easy to use: We got one of these for my mother who does not have strong hand strength - it has worked out very well.,
81859,__label__2,"Works well after repair: I like this winged corkscrew but I had to repair the plastic once when the cap near the wings busted off. Superglue did the job, and I haven't had trouble since.",
81860,__label__1,Not OXO quality: When I thought of OXO I though of great grips. Nice soft quality weighty feel. When I got this corkscrew I was shocked to find out that it was flimsy black plastic. Looks like OXO in the picture but it is nothing more then cheap plastic bits. OXO degraded their name with this product.,
81861,__label__1,"Terible - plastic split in half after less than 3 months: This product is garbage. I bought it for the OXO name, but I will never do that again. During a dinner party, the plastic split right near the top, and exposed the metal rod that attaches the screw to the plastic mechanism. The corkscrew would not work after this piece broke. (Note: the corkscrew broke after a total of less than 10 corks were removed in approximately 3 months...not heavy use by any standards. Wish I'd kept my receipt.)I also had the same problem other reviewers had with the wings not allowing for any room to grasp the top of the bottle.Moral of the story: Buy an all metal winged corkscrew. >$5 at most grocery stores.",
81862,__label__2,"Lots of toy for the $$$: I bought 2 of these for my granddaughters, 6 and 9 years old. They didn't put them down for weeks! They treat them like their own little pets/babies...feed then, clean up their virtual ""poop"", put them to sleep...etc. They sleep with them on their nighttables in case the pets need them during the night. They've had them since Christmas (4 months now) and still, they are a big hit. Their friends have them and they ""connect"" them so they make lots of new pet friends. When they ""die"" and get their little ""angel wings"" their grief is short lived because a new BABY is born right away. I just purchased 2 more for them, so they can have 2 each now. Consider this a GREAT investment. By the way, they're selling on ebay now for $25-$30. Get them here while you can.",
81863,__label__2,"Just right - high quality at a reasonable price: I've been looking for a pair of decent work gloves for awhile, came across these and am very happy with my purchase. I ordered the large for my long fingers. They fit nicely though are wide at the wrist like most gloves of their kind. Very soft on the inside. Thick enough to protect but not so thick that you can't feel anything when wearing them. High recommend, especially if you are looking for great quality at a reasonable price. I use them for everything from moving furniture to pulling thick weeds. High recommend.",
81864,__label__2,Excellent work gloves: My husband uses these on the farm when lifting and loading bales of hay. They are rugged and hold up well under pressure.,
81865,__label__2,"Sturdy work gloves: These Cat Work Gloves are great and for the price meet all the requirement of a Lather Hide Work Glove. They are not Padded but are great gloves for backyard work if using them when trimming the yard, picking up branches and all around work to protect your hands.",
81866,__label__2,"Treat your hands to comfort and safety.: Good, comfortable gloves. I use these for work in the yard, as well as the garage. I think you'll find them very serviceable.",
81867,__label__2,"Great Gloves: Very durable and tough work gloves. I've gone through many pairs of work gloves, all purchased at the the big hardware stores. These are the the best that I have ever owned. For the price, they're a steal at Amazon.",
81868,__label__1,"Expensive carriage, low quality: This T-shirt looks so cool with digital camo. However, attention when you decide to pay for it, especially, the carriage. It costs pretty much than T-shirt itself.",
81869,__label__1,"Musical Garbage: Jars of Clay has had some catchy tunes and meaningful words in the past, but the lyrics have degenerated into confused, pseudo-profound ramblings. Furthermore, the music lacks taste and variety. With only vague reference to God, in what sense can this CD be called Christian?",
81870,__label__2,"A Good Effort: Like all their previous records, JOC has crafted an unusual and different picece with ""The 11th Hour."" However, even though a few songs (notably ""Silence"" and ""Revolution"") have a certain attractive ring, this album is generally a little less brilliant than their previous ones. It has such a very dry (no reverb), raw-but-clean sound to it that (to me anyway)it just doesn't quite work the whole time. Also I think that songs like ""Fly"" are arranged a little too ""bouncily"" and lose what could have been a heart-wrenching mood (though the line ""now you're alive"" is one of the most poignant expressions of Heaven that I have ever heard). Despite the imperfections, though, ""The 11th Hour"" is a strong cut above most music you'll hear released in this age of pseudo-grunge; I would recommend it to anyone who appreciates something not run-of-the-mill.",
81871,__label__2,"A Musical Masterpiece: Each Jars of Clay release is unique and full of creativity. The Eleventh Hour is no different. Many people compare the sound of this album to Jars Of Clay's self-titled debut, however the album uses more electric guitars than their previous releases. Don't worry, many of the songs still the acoustic Jars of Clay sound. The element of this album that truely stands out is the passion and emotion put into the lyrics. Example: Silence. The lead vocalist vocals are sang with incredible passion in a song about the doubts many face. Songs such as Fly and The Edge Of The Water also have great vocals. The Edge of The Water is the final track on the album which expresses the hope and longing of our savior's return. The album also features more upbeat rocker tunes like Revolution and Whatever She Wants. Overall this album is full of diverse well written songs with passionate singing of incredible lyrics. Well worth the money.",
81872,__label__2,"Great Work-: The recording quality shines thru on this album! Their self-titled excellent album has that ""B"" level sound - This one sounds great-professional and rich. Dan Haseltine sounds a lot like Matthew Sweet-(a performer worth checking out)-that draws me in more than ever- nice voice - and ""Silence"" is Golden- God is Great-",
81873,__label__2,"WHOA!: I went to the Eleventh Hour concert last month. The only word to describe that is--AWESOME! I was so thrilled with the concert, that, during a break, I ran up to the counter and bought the album and a poster. This is, without a doubt, the BEST Jars of Clay album to date. I had purchased Overjoyed before, and, save for a few notable exceptions, was less than thrilled. The Eleventh Hour rekindled my love for the band! The song 'Revolution' is the best song on the entire album. I go for more hardrocking groups and songs, such as TobyMac and Pillar, or The Benjamin Gate. Even if you don't like softer rock, this album is both inspiring and, though it does not talk about God openly, has very subtle Christian elements.",
81874,__label__1,"What is the Big Idea?: Ok the first Jars cd was superb. It had passion, and it had beautiful lyrics about God, and the lyrics were honest. Now what has happened? The lyrics have become watered down. Yes you can find hints of God, but they are very watered down. The music also is a disappointment. People are saying that this is a very strong album musically. I don't see the big idea of the amount of talent. I was strongly disappointed. Come on Jars, stick with your honest and strong lyrics, and your beautiful acoustic arrangements. A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!",
81875,__label__2,"Shade of the past: A very addicting album, more so that the last release. Plus shades of Adam Again is always a good thing. (I suddenly have some Adam Again flashbacks when listening to What Ever She Wants; RIP Gene Eugene) Anyway definitely a JOC must have. A return to what I found I needed in Jars of Clay.",
81876,__label__2,Great music: Definitely a fan of Jars of Clay since they began and this CD is one of my favorite of theirs. Mellow with some rock involved too. Enjoy it!,
81877,__label__2,"A work of art: The Eleventh Hour is one of the most creative Jars albums to date. With catchy radio songs like I Need You, to thought provoking melodies like Silence. I love every Jars cd, and even though this doesn't top my list, it also doesn't fall short of my expectations.",
81878,__label__2,"Thier best yet!: One thing you can say about Jars of Clay: They are versatile. Each of their first four CD's were very distinctive sounding, (Though 'Much Afraid' could have done so much more).On thier fourth CD 'The Eleventh Hour', they've really put all the pieces together, both lyrically and musically. The pulse is livlier than ever on songs like 'Revolution' and 'Whatever She Wants', taking their sound to a harder direction than on prior CD's.The poetry of the lyrics is just plain awesome, painting vivid word pictures through symbolism, allegory, and even in-your-face straight-on candidness. One of the best CD's I've heard in a long time.",
81879,__label__2,"Eleventh Hour is time well spent.: I listen to music because it is music. I listen to production, I listen to musicianship, I listen to vocals. What catches my attention the first time I hear an album is the creativity. Something that sonically catches my ear the first time I hear it. Sometimes you can listen to music and you have to play it many times before it captures you. I own two Jars Of Clay albums and the first time I hear them I instantly like them. They are fresh, positive and perfect packages of music. The hooks, the melodies and the lyrics are all well structured. This is the only Christian music I own. And to be honest with you, I do not like to put any label on a band or performer. Because we tend to judge and shy away from music if it is in a certain category. This album is well thought out music without a label. It is good music. And Jar of Clay are an excellent band. I have not been disappointed in anything I have heard from them yet!",
81880,__label__2,"The Only Reason I gave this 4 out of 5.....: ""The Eleventh Hour"" is one of my many cds that I listen to frequently. It's a great cd that you can really get into. I must admit that the only reason I gave this cd four instead of five stars is that a majority of the songs sound alike. If you like music that is a little softer and more for relaxing then this is a great cd for you.If you're into downloading songs instead of buying the cd then let me suggest to you ""Fly"" ""I Need You"" ""Whatever She Wants"" and ""The Eleventh Hour""",
81881,__label__2,"JOC does it again: This is jars of clay's best one yet. This band pours their heart out to god, in what I think could be considered a nice long prayer.The contrast of songs from Silence to the Eleventh Hour is absolutly amazing!!! Their love and commitment to Christ shines a thousandsars bright!!!",
81882,__label__2,"Alive and kicking hard: Amazing, my favorite album yet!This most recent Jars of Clay Album is passionate and evocative. Jars of Clay never fails to reinvent themselves, while staying true to their roots. The Eleventh Hour is intellectually captivating and beautifully mixed, a very strong, solid album worth the purchase.",
81883,__label__2,"JARS ROCKS!: When I first listened to this, I didn't think it was that great, but now that Ive listened to it over and over, Im really getting to understand the lyrics alot more! As far as getting the message out there to people who don't know Christ, it's not THAT great, but there are a couple of songs that I think would really make a person think more about it. And I must say, the music alone is awesome! I love, love, love this band!! This is a must have for anyone! :)",
81884,__label__1,"return to roots?: i must admit i was quite disappointed with jars's latest. although i frequently hear that the band is ""returning to their roots"", i find nothing even remotely similar to their early work except that they produced it themselves. i have been forced to come to terms with the fact that jars of clay is in a downward spiral, both musically and lyrically, that began with ""if i left the zoo."" maybe i'm being unfair. perhaps i'm being too tough on them. their first two albums were such masterpieces that any subsequent releases were bound to be disappointments. but now that i think about it, no, i'm not being too rough with the chaps. jars began with similar musical roots to caedmon's call, and caedmon's has stayed strong and matured as a band, while jars has diverged onto the wide, well-traveled path of ccm mediocrity. lyrical shallowness kills this album, and just cannot satiate the depth of meaning required for a really great jars album. thus, i rate the cd a 2 o",t of 5
81885,__label__2,"JARS OF GOLD: I was very impressed by this CD, it was what I was hoping for, a return to Jars of clay's roots and a fellowship of all their work. This album has made me a happier man!",
81886,__label__1,"just a little bummed: Yeah, so this one just didn't do it for me. I've been touched by every Jars album thus far, but can't manage to make myself like this one. After the personal sounds and emotions on their self-titled debut, I fully expected to enjoy their return to more raw sounds after the experimentation of ""If I Left the Zoo"" (which I also enjoyed), but this album left me disappointed. It felt forced. They've grown up musically and the sound doesn't, and shouldn't, work for them anymore. Also, the lyrics of ""The Eleventh Hour"" didn't feel as personal and interesting as their earlier stuff and really felt distant from the music. Songs I really enjoyed included the title track, ""I Need You"", and ""The Scarlet Letter"". Nothing else really struck me. Bummer.",
81887,__label__1,"Wow...*mourns*: all i can say is i dont know what happened to these guys.the original self-titled and much afraid were amazing, i -still- listen to them even today....but everything since then has been so pathetic, i mourn for the band. i mean, this is NOT jars of clay...im sorry, it's just not.i feel horrible giving such a good band a bad review, but sadly they deserve it.",
81888,__label__1,"Too horrible for words: This cd is way too horrible for words. Their first album is really the only one you should buy of theirs, because their subsequent ones have just paled in comparison. This one in particular is the worst one they've ever done. I feel sorry for those people who say this one is their best. They obviously are not right in the head and need to learn to think more clearly. This album is pure garbage and anyone should be smart enough to realize that. In fact I believe that this one album being as popular as it is signifies America's downfall and God help us all if this album continues to be a hit. Please I beg anyone reading this review to not help America continue it's downward spiral into the toilet. This album should be outlawed as soon as possible. Thank you for your time.",
81889,__label__2,Richly expressed thoughts: MacDonald leaves you thinking about all the things that matter in this beautiful little book - devotional and poetic.,
81890,__label__1,"Maybe Later: Imagine Psalms minus the drama and soul-searching quandries. But in rhyming verse. I'm not saying the book is bad. It may be that my soul just isn't old enough to see the value here. Each entry is very short. If you're the sort of person who can comtemplate a single line of poetry, you may get a lot out of this. If you're not, you can flip through this book in a single afternoon (but you probably won't). Maybe I'll appreciate this work later in life. Maybe not.I really like his book of ""Unspoken Sermons"", though.",
81891,__label__1,"Aweful - Horrible Edition: Origionally, I was given this book in 1979; it is profound and awe inspiring in the faith provoking poetry that George Macdonald wrote - one 7 line poem/meditation for each day of the year.I boughtt this new book as a gift. However this edition is horrible in that it appears to have been pasted together, daily poems may be numbered at the bottom of one page and begin on the next. Or the day's poem may be split between one page and the next. Several were mostly gibberish. Also there is no introduction, library of congress number or date of publication (or origional publication)to this edition.It is a mess !",
81892,__label__2,"Chalked full of Life: Seemingly endless thoughts of God drift through the mind of this brilliant man of faith. An awesome tool as a daily devotional, but good luck...once opened, it's easy to devour Macdonald's writings all at once. His Sonnet's spring to life and speak directly to the heart. Not in a wishy washy, overly heady, sort of way but in simply truths pointed to the core of Christian life.",
81893,__label__2,"Connection: The style is old and because it is, there is a deep sense of connection and continuity to the human soul. Life for me is much different than for the writer and yet the struggles of our soul are the same. Comforting, challenging and somehow the connection to the past lessons the sorrow of today and enhances the victory.",
81894,__label__2,"Forgotten master: Harvey Swados is a major talent who seems to have been largely forgotten after his untimely death in 1972. In these longish short stories, Swados demonstrates a mastery of story-telling with great psychological insight into his characters who come from all sorts of backgrounds. A writer with a Jewish background, he is certainly one of the few white writers to write convincingly from the perspective of African-Americans.",
81895,__label__1,"Save your money: Unless you are brand new to issues of spirtuality, this book weill seem simplistic and unsatifying.",
81896,__label__2,"The Paranoid Style in American Politics (Vintage): This is an excellent book, in spite of the fact that the original copyright is 1952. The Pulitzer prize winning author, Richard Hofstadter, updated the book through 1965. He died in 1970. It actually covers American politics through the Goldwater years. The descriptions of activities draw an amazingly close parallel to our present day situations.",
81897,__label__2,"Relevant Today: What I love about Richard Hofstadter is how well he writes and how well he builds arguments. These elements help explain why he remains as relevant today as he was throughout the 1950s and 1960s. This collection of essays features his classic work on American paranoia as how it impacts politics (birth movement, much?) and several very thoughtful analyses on Barry Goldwater.I found the introduction by Sean Wilentz to be sorely lacking in depth. I also found the second half of the collection to be less useful and dated. However, overall, this is a classic primary source by one of the country's greatest thinkers.",
81898,__label__1,"A Never-ending BAD soap opera---: Thank goodness that's over! Ninety-nine percent of this story was about EVERYONE's never-ending emotional problems and it went on and on. I don't know if this story could have been saved by a psychiatrist... or a good exorcist. It could have been an interesting plot: a kidnap-mystery with a twist, including a late-night sexy-voiced DJ...but it ended being quite creepy (all the female's obsession over the DJ) and extremely cheesy. The mystery was barely mentioned and the ""twist"" was made way too obvious early on as it could have been a good ""shocker"" at the end.Narrator, Sandra Burr, uses a little-girl, syrupy voice for her females and usually a goofy or nasally voice for her males.",
81899,__label__1,"change the station: A bland and sluggish 1988 effort from the usually dependable Delinsky.I found the main characters to be very one dimensional.One character in particular is extremely annoying and highly unlikable. I don't thinkit was meant to come across that way.The plot had promise but in my reading experience it just didn't quite come together.Another character is a sexy-voiced disc jockey.If Heart of the Night was a radio station, you would be reaching for the knob well before the end of this song.I don't like to be negative about authors I admire strongly, but the powerful narrative ofDelinsky is painfully missing here.Buy it half-price if you are a completist and must have allthe Delinsky's.",
81900,__label__2,"Good Book!: Romance is back; and her name is Delinsky. Loved this book: it was humorous, romantic, a little suspensful, and a bit naughty. Don't know how I missed this one on the first go round. GREAT READ!",
81901,__label__2,"Wet Dreams of a Rarebit Fiend: This charming and delightfully erotic book succeeds as both a parody of and tribute to Winsor McCay as well as being a quite effective piece of erotica.Ever the champion of Winsor McCay's more adult strip ""Dreams of The Rarebit Fiend"" (the Dover collection is excellent) I feel compelled to point out that despite the title, much of this book is more directly influenced by Rarebit than by Little Nemo - most of the shorter episodes at the beginning are based on very specific Rarebit strips (all in the Dover collection).Also, though I could be wrong, is it not the artist's intention that Little Ego is awakened in the final panel of each strip by achieving orgasm? That's my impression.",
81902,__label__2,"such an adorable dirty little comic: love the artwork, so sensual and whimsical. I used to read these out of my dad's Heavy metal magazines 10 years ago.",
81903,__label__2,"Hot fun for the voyeur: This is a bit dated in its content, but great fun for anyone who has a fantasy life. Dreams, whether day or night, are such great way to do things our conscience lives would never allow. This book gives us a chance to share in someone's else's dreams and maybe even help with ours.",
81904,__label__2,Worth Reading: This book is well worth anyone's time who wishes to learn more about the Pueblo Indians of New Mexico. Joe Sando is an expert in the field and one of the few Pueblos that have written about his own culture and people and the long and successful fight they have waged for survival.,
81905,__label__1,"I would never recommend this item: I purchased this item for a Christmas gift. It took 6 weeks to get. When I received it, it would not chime. What they don't tell you is the item is only warranted for 1 month. It took 4 weeks to get so the warranty was up before I even received it. The guarantee on line says a 1 year guarantee - what a joke. The factory or the seller does not provide any customer service for a clock that does not work. I would never, ever recommend this item to anyone unless you want to come up short!",
81906,__label__2,"Grandfather clock review: This clock is a nice addition to my family room. I've had it for about 1 month and it seems to be working well. Took a little adjusting to get it at the right level where the pendulum would constantly swing without stopping and then also adjusting the pendulum to swing in accordance with the time, but that is the case with any pendulum clock.The clock did have a couple chips in the wood from handling at some point but otherwise all parts arrived in good condition.",
81907,__label__1,"Disappointed with quality: I purchased this as a gift. It is very hard to find so I will not return it and it is what they had asked for. For the price, I was quite disappointed in the quality. I have a case of my own that I have had for many years. The inside is lined with felt and appears more finished than this one.",
81908,__label__1,"poor quality: The company was cooperative but the product was inferiour. The refund was made reluctantly when the shipper found ""nothing wrong with the product"". When reeived I found a hinge on the case hanging loose which I fixed in hopes of keeping the bar but the quality of the accessories was very poor and I returned it. Long process.",
81909,__label__1,"Disappointed: The quality of the piece was very poor. There is no cusion for the bottles and the bar pieces do not stay in place. I am looking for a type of felt or foam that I could buy to make it a little more secure. Being a last minute shopper, I bought this as a gift and did not have time to return it for a different one. I was a little embarrassed giving it.",
81910,__label__2,"Rock solid mounts for wall or ceiling: I used these speaker mounts to attach my Polk Audio RTi A3 bookshelf speakers to the ceiling. The A3s weigh about 17 lbs each, so I was a bit concerned about finding mounts that could handle the weight. The OmniMounts handled the speakers just fine, though I did have to buy a little bit of extra hardware (nuts and washers) to fix the speakers to them. These are probably best for a wall-mounted application, as the range of motion/adjustment is limited in a ceiling-mounted configuration. Still, these held my heavy speakers in place with no slippage, no rattling or vibration at high volumes, and no problems to speak of. If you're buying larger speakers for your home theater, I definitely recommend these mounts.",
81911,__label__2,works as advertised: This product worked find. I have other omnimounts so this does not come as a surprise. I think it is kind of pricy by what can you do,
81912,__label__2,"20 lbs mounts have 3/8- 16 mounting thread (10 lbs have 1/4"" - 20): The product is very good, however be sure to check the thread size on the back of your speakers. Many speakers that you will find for your home will have a 1/4"" - 20 mounting thread in the back of the speaker. The Omni-mount 20 lbs mounts (both wall and ceiling type) will have 3/8"" - 16 threads. Personally, I used the 20 lbs mounts and added a 3/8"" - 16 female to 1/4"" - 20 male thread adapter (also called a standoff sometimes) in order to mount my speakers. If you are mounting wood speakers with no pre-installed threaded insert for mounting, than the thread size doesn't matter since it comes with the required parts for screwing into the back of the wood frame speaker.I agree with the other reviewer(s) that you should mount it to studs to get it properly secured.",
81913,__label__2,"Best Mounts On Market!: These are great! Obviously you can not mount them on wallboard without added support. Anyone having problems with them holding has the mounts upside down! Put them the right way up and they will support like they are built to. I have used these over the years and they are the only ones I would buy again. My last set I put up yesterday and they work perfect. The instructions are not printed rather copied and a bit hard to read, but a little brain power will get you there easily. Make sure they are mounted with logo stamp on top as the instruction states, or they will fail! Mount them the right way and they will defy gravity for years.",
81914,__label__1,"Weight rating is misleading: I have used the Omnimounts twice: the system rated for 20 pounds, with 16-pound speakers; and the system rated for 10 pounds, with 7-pound speakers. In both cases, I tightened the ball joint as much as possible and the mounts still wouldn't hold the speaker in the desired position. In addition, the drywall mounts on the 10.0 failed completely, and the instructions are vague and not terribly helpful. Finally, the location of the Allen fastener for tightening the ball joint is all but inaccessible. I can't recommend this system.",
81915,__label__1,"Wouldn't hold 13 pounds..... How are they supposed to hold 20?: I wish I would have listened to the 2 star reviews.... But I went with these because the manufacturer of the speakers I bought (Ascend Acoustics) only sells these so I figured they HAVE to work. Unfortunately I was wrong, and to boot, I accidently tossed the boxes in recycling so I can't return them. Decent concept with poor execution. You simply cannot tighten the clamp tight enough to hold a speaker over 5 pounds. I tightened them as tight as I could and within a few minutes the speakers were drooping. I highly recommend bottom mounts if you have heavy speakers because these stink.....",
81916,__label__1,"I don't believe 20 lbs rating.: Idea of using an Allen wrench to tighten in tight area between the speaker and the wall is a very bad idea. Especially not easy to do when you're on a ladder, supporting your speaker with one hand. Would be much easier if I could use ratcheting socket wrench. Can't get it to support 15 lbs. speakers. The speakers end up resting against the wall. Maybe you'll have better luck.Directions that came with them seem to be bad photo-copies. Get on-line directions - not the highest resolution but better than the ones that come with the package.",
81917,__label__2,"Did the job!: Although I agree with other reviews, these mounts would have gotten a 5 star rating if they had engineered them to accommodate the speaker wire in the mount. However, the sturdy construction would have been compromised in doing so. Otherwise, this mount(when installed correctly)did the job very well. It came with every thing I needed to hang my JBL ES20 bookshelf speakers for my surround sound system. Including the mounting plate that attaches to the speaker. The speakers weigh about 11 pounds and the mounts held very tightly. I was able dial everything in easily and quickly. ES20s are bare boned bookshelf speakers and do not have mounting capabilities. I would highly recommend this product. ""Word to the wise"" Anyone attempting to hang JBL ES20s, take great care to mount the plate to the speaker with 5/8 inch pan head screws. If a longer screw is used you will destroy the electronics mounted to the inside back of the speaker.",
81918,__label__1,Doesn't hold: I bought a pair of the 20.0 wall mounts to hold my 10 pound speakers. One worked and one did not hold.I saw the other poster's comments that said maybe I wasn't doing it right but I tried at least 10 times before I gave up. I even took them apart to compare the one that worked with the one that did not. I could not see any difference. The nylon ball on the one kept slipping and within a few seconds my speaker would droop and end up pointed at the floor. I tried tightening in small increments and also tightening to my maximum ability. No luck.The Omnimount website made no reference to how to fix this and so I am trying to send them back to where I bought them (I did not buy them from amazon because they wouldn't ship to Canada where I live).These look and feel like top quality items. I think they would be perfect ceiling mounts but for wall mounts the company has to provide a better idea of how to set them up.,
81919,__label__1,"Pretty bad: The range of motion is so limited that I can't aim the damn speakers right without a lot of fuss. The design is such that screwing them into the wall is just this HUGE pain in the butt. The plastic is brittle instead of having some malleability, so when I messed up and drove a screw too far in it instantly cracked, rather than having any squish. Poorly engineered all around, and not even the the best price on the market. Would not buy again.",
81920,__label__2,"Strong, easy install: Purchased mounts for surround speakers. It's difficult to find mount that hold speakers over 15 pounds, so I'm glad I found these. Beware, they sell them separetly, not in pairs.",
81921,__label__2,"Hangs 'em @ looks good!: Having a pair of Bose bookshelf speakers and no bookshelf in the area that they would produce the best sound, the Omnimount Speaker mounts proved to be perfect. Proper speaker placement and the sturdy wall mount provided by the 20 pound rated,( the speakers weigh 11 pounds!), Omnimounts allowed speaker placement for optimal performance and a clean looking set up. I will be ordering more for mounting monitors in my music studio, and looking forward to any other applications in the future. Sturdy, well built and a quality product. Thank you Omnimount!",
81922,__label__2,"Good idea, but...: They look good. They do what they're supposed to.But it is a little difficult to get to the allen screw that holds the speaker position solid. Which is important with 15 pound speakers that you don't want just leaning into the wall.Also a hex type wall mount screw would be better for mounting to it to the wall, (I happened to have some around) as the big phillips heads supplied are tough to get into a stud without stripping the head. Even with a good predrill.These items aside they do work well and fit our needs perfectly as they are slick looking and very easy to hide.",
81923,__label__1,"Nice construction, but don't work: The mounts are very nice construction and the kits are good, but frankly they don't work that well. I have 14# speakers on each mount and no matter how hard I have tried to tighten the bolts, the speakers sag until they touch the wall for a wall mount. I have had someone else hold it up while tightening with both hands and a wrench until I can turn the bolt no farther. 30 minutes later it has slowly slid to the wall. For a lighter speaker it may work, but the mounts shouldn't be rated to 20#.",
81924,__label__1,"Weight of speaker is a factor: There are several reviews that reference the fact that heavier speakers sag with this mount. I found the same thing to be true. One mount i purchased held the speaker nicely while the other would not hold the same position even after numerous attempts. I did find an easy solution. I used small piece of wire (i.e.. a coat hanger) cut to the proper length to use as support at the bottom of the speaker to keep it from sagging. It is really a shame that i had to find a solution to this problem in that these mounts are pricey, but it works perfectly just the same. It was a lot easier than shipping them back to the retailer and finding another option.",
81925,__label__1,BEWARE: not al white. Ball is BLACK: Ordered four of these overpriced hangers. urprised the items look different from the picture. The ball is actually BLACK!! How does that happen?? Returned immediately.,
81926,__label__1,"Not as good as I thought it would be.: First there is only one in the package, and I thought it came as a pair. I bought the white one, but the ball was black and not all white as shown in the picture.It looks very sturdy, but the screw was too big for my Cinema 800 rear speakers, so I had to send it back and get the white ones from Definitive Technology which were about the same price for the pair.",
81927,__label__1,Only comes with one mount: I returned this product. It only comes with one mount. I felt the description indicated there would be two. I went to Wal-Mart and was able to purchase a pair that worked great for less than $9.00.,
81928,__label__2,"Very small and easy to carry, international voltage: I prefer to travel as light as possible with as few wires as possible. This is a wonderful design for a cell phone charger. I have used this with Ericsson T39, T600, R520, and several other phones with compatible connector. Although the conector is US/China style, you can add a mini plug changer for use in other places like Europe, UK/Hong Kong, etc. It supports standard voltage worldwide.",
81929,__label__2,"Unexpectedly Great: I know Mr. Previn as a conductor, former spouse of Mia Farrow and film composer. I ordered this CD on a whim and was wowed. He is not exactly Art Tatum but, at times, as close as a European can get. He definitely knows how to swing and understands jazz piano very deeply. Especially for a classical musician (I am a jazz musician who frequently interfaces with classical players) he is at home in both worlds.I had a high regard for Mr. Previn to begin with especially because of his conducting of my favorite composer Ravel. But hearing this early work of his convinces me that he is a musical talent of the first water in both fields.reynold d. philipsek",
81930,__label__2,"One of the Finest Albums Hip-Hop Has Yet to Produce: I can say without hesitation that this is one of the best cd's that I've ever bought. I've had it for at least six months and I still listen to it almost everyday. First of all, Common is one of the greatest m.c.'s of all time. His rhymes are metaphoric. They are so superior to really everyone else out there in the rap business. But despite how intricate and deep his rhymes are, he still comes off as just having fun. After one song, you can tell Common both loves being an m.c., and respects his position as an m.c. Something a lot of rappers forget to do. Also, the production on this cd is amazing. Almost every song is a masterpiece. Not since MC Solaar's Prose Combat have I heard an album so complete in both its lyricism and its production. By the time you get to the 15th track, you're already psyched to hear the first one over again. It really is that kind of an album.",
81931,__label__2,"The Name COMMON is a paradox: This has gotta be the dopest sophomore effort from any emcee. I remember about six or seven years back, I was really feelin Common's first album ""Can I Borrow A Dollar?"". Then about two years later, he hits me with Resurrection. From the first track, all the way to the last track there are dope rhymes and beats. The banginest track on the album ""I Used To Love H.E.R."" really changed my life. I've always had love for hip-hop but I never realized that she was being abused until I heard ""I Used To Love H.E.R."" That track really opened my eyes. What makes the album so tight is the fact that Common seems like a regular guy, but he possesses ENOURMOUS skills on the mic, and that's what makes his name a paradox. He's my favortite emcee and I hope he gets his due props soon.",
81932,__label__2,"Common's Classic: After listening to this album, you'll probably come to the conclusion that Common is a superb MC. His lyrics and wordplay are amazing; just listen to ""Communism"" where flips verses with words beginning with ""com-"" (e.g. ""I'm too Com-plex/Watch Com get Com-plicated..""). ""I Used To Love H.E.R."" is one of the best metaphors ever used in a hip-hop song and tracks like ""Sum ... I Wrote"" and the title track feature excellent lyrics courtesy of Common and production courtesy of No I.D. and Ynot. If you do not have this album, pick it up now.",
81933,__label__2,"Classic Classic Classic: Every single person who listens to hip hop at all and in any form should absolutely get this CD. This one is in my top ten favotite hip hop albums ever. A seminal classic on par with Tribe's ""Midnight Marauders"", De La's ""3 Ft..."" and Nas's ""Illmatic."" This album sparked much of the conscious hip hop that has been released in the last ten years. Take Back Star as a prime example. This is one of those records that will always be remembered as a timeless hip hop classic. This album is to hip hop what Miles Davis' ""Kind of Blue"" is to jazz...or some other silly analogy which currently eludes me. I don't even have the words to describe how masterful this record is. If you don't own it, you're sleeping. PERIOD. So come correct, I'm flossin' and cold, cold lampin' (Just kidding).",
81934,__label__2,"another great album that inspires thoght.: if you love a great, lyrically advanced mc then get this album. he is one of the best rappers in a dying breed of lyrical rappers (mostly Dead Prez, Talib Kweli, and oldskool OutKast but there a few others). ""I used to love H.E.R.""is reason enough to get this album. if i had donald trumps money i would personally by this album for every one jus so they can expiriece it.",
81935,__label__2,"A great hip-hop record: Resurrection's standout track is ""I Used to Love H.E.R.,"" which seems to describe a lover's moral and spiritual decline, but is actually addressing what Common views as hip-hop's decline (in particular, gangsta rap's exploitation of sex and violence). Also quite noteworthy are ""Nuthin' to Do"", and the introspective ""Book of Life,"" a commentary on trying to keep it together in a society that has lost all traces of sanity.",
81936,__label__2,"Classic: 94' was one of hip hop's most memorable years. Many classics, including this one, were released that year. I got into Common when I first started listening to an underground show on a college radio station back in 94'. Since then, he has grown and become once of my favorite emcees. My journey with Com started with this album. Com has a unique style. One of hip hop's most groundbreaking classics, I Used To Love H.E.R., is found on this album. My favorites are Resurrection, In My Own World, Communism, and Chapter 13.",
81937,__label__2,"I love this damn CD....: Common is so refreshing, ""Can I Borrow A Dollar"" he was in his thug stage, but from this CD on he has grown into a lyrical genius. My favortite track is ""Chapter 13"", Ynot and Common are ill.... but pick this up, and the rest of Com's stuff if you haven't yet.",
81938,__label__2,"Common's Got Lyrics. Hip-Hop At Its Finest.: I bought this album mainly due to the single Resurrection and I found out very fast that this isn't just a ""one-hit"" CD. The whole album is nice and definitely a major improvement from his first, Can I Borrow a Dollar. He's got lyrics and uses them to rap about the various aspects of life that really matter. If you like to learn while you listen and listen while you learn, this is the one CD for you. No doubt. Pick it up ASAP. This one's a true gem. Peace.",
81939,__label__2,"This album is a hip-hop classic.: Common is one of the best MC's. Ever. Check out the lyrical flows on ""Watermelon"" and ""Thisisme."" And true heads will bounce to ""Resurrection,"" ""I Used to Love H.E.R."" and the hidden jewel ""Communism.""",
81940,__label__2,"Lovin It.: If you appreciate REAL lyrics, if you ain't hung up on mindless commercial stuff like Ma$e or Puffy, then get this album. Just get it.",
81941,__label__2,5 Mic Worthy: Nuff Said. If you don't have this you ain't no true hip hopper. Period. Now get your @zz off that seat and go cop Common's masterpiece.,
81942,__label__1,Boring....: This is a boring album from Common. His delivery is DULL and lyrics are wack. Buy something from Nas...,
81943,__label__2,"A Hip Hop Classic!!: If you haven't heard this album yet, then what are you waiting for? Common raps about his infatuation with hip hop on ""I used to love H.E.R."" and a whole lot else on the rest of the album. If you're someone who doesn't like to be challenged when you listen to music, than this CD isn't for you. If you're someone who likes to listen to intricate wordplay and jazz-filled thumping beats, then this is the CD to get. Plus, it's a classic.",
81944,__label__2,"Classic: Every so often an album will come around that will immediately be called a true hip op classic. When Common Sense, now known as Common, released Resurrection a classic was born. Common is on his own level of rhyming ability. Only a select few rappers compare to his lyrical genious. The first songs bring you into Common's world and his thoughts and you are kept there for the albums entirety. With deep meaning and excellent production Resurrection is placed on a pedistal as one of the best hip hop albums of all time.",
81945,__label__2,"A Common Classic: ""It's ashame I have to do whitelabel to keep my life stable."" Best said by one of hiphop's true underrated lyricist, Common formerly known as ""Sense"". While many MCs speak about going to the next level on their sophmore projects, Common simply let his work speak for itself and it did just that. RESURRECTION is a dynamite display of raw lyrical skills from start to finish. Common wastes no time displaying his improved skills on the title track ""Resurrection"", and breaking down the love of his life on the track ""I Used To Love H.E.R."". This also being the track that blazed the fued between him and Ice Cube. A classic album consist of equal balance, and this album had just that. The beats were just as ill as Common's lyrics, both coming together in splendid hiphop harmony. RESURRECTION is a classic that truly showcases one of hiphop's best golden years.",
81946,__label__2,common will always make sense: BEST ALBUM..YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS. JAZZY/HIPHOP BEATS + COMMON'S LYRICS = GREAT CD.,
81947,__label__2,Hip hop is a live and well!!!!!: This is one of my favorite releases from Common. This chi town warrior crafted an underground release that will bring a vibrant smile to the hardcore hip hop head and even awaken the minds of some of the fake commercial rap artist lovers. Songs like I used to love h.e.r and ressurection start the classic album and take you on the road to classic chicago hip hop. Not only the lyrics are dope but also the beats and the hooks. This is a pivotal album that needs to be in everyone's collection,
81948,__label__2,None better: I have never used a better corkscrew. Simply set it on the bottle. Press down (gently) while turning. Keep turning until the cork is out. Turn backwards and the cork pops out of the tool.You will not have trouble with getting your corkscrew cocked or skewed (going into the cork crooked). You will not have trouble getting the cork off the corkscrew. You don't have to pull on anything. Occasionally you find an odd extra long cork--you might have to gently pull it out the last little bit.It's the ergonomic!,
81949,__label__2,"Nice addition to corkscrew collection: This attractive (modern) Cork Pull is a welcome addition to bottle-opening alternatives in the kitchen. All that it necessary is the ability to set it on the bottle and turn. Requires very little effort and takes any guesswork out of the process. No need to hide it away--in fact, can function as something of a conversation piece as well. Simple, functional, easy to clean.",
81950,__label__1,OXO Good Grips Cork Pull: I have several OXO Good accessories and love them .. but this one when into the trash. It ruined ever cork.,
81951,__label__1,oxo good grip cork pull: Only used this a few times and the plastic part already separates from the pull keeping the cork from coming out right.,
81952,__label__1,"This Cork Pull is not very stable.: I purchased this item and within 2-3 uses it simply fell apart. For the price I paid, I don't think I got a very good product.",
81953,__label__1,"the impossible corkscrew: Order this item if you like the idea of having your blood mingled with your favorite wine. While the product's promise of ease in opening a wine bottle proves true, the problem is in removing the cork from the corkscrew thereafter. In my case, not only was I unable to remove the cork from the corkscrew (turning counterclockwise did not work, and there is no space inside the plastic chamber for your fingers to get a grip on the cork) I ended up piercing my finger in an attempt to extract the cork, thus turning wine-drinking into an unsavory and painful experience.",
81954,__label__1,"This thing is lousy: I usually love Oxo products, but this one blows. It is without a doubt the worst corkscrew I've ever owned. I don't use it anymore, but when I did, it routinely:. shredded the cork in the mouth of the bottle without removing it. lodged the removed cork inside the corkscrew, making nearly impossible to remove. drilled all the way through corks, leaving cork bits and dust in the wineAlso, the foil cutter is completely worthless.Try a Screwpull or a regular waiter's corkscrew -- either would be a much better choice.",
81955,__label__1,"a disappointing purchase: I've used this maybe 5 times, and am going to throw it away. It doesn't always work for cork removal; once it pushed the cork into the bottle. And the method for removing the cork NEVER works. When you end up with a cork stuck on the screw, the plastic guard keeps you from accessing it with your fingers. I often drink wine with plastic corks, so that may be part of the problem. At this point, I can't get a cork off the screw, and it's going into the trash with a cork attached.",
81956,__label__1,"too bad so sad: should have listened to the reviewer who said it's hell to get the cork out of the corkscrew. have to be very careful that you don't pull the cork up too far or you'll spend the next minutes looking for a needle nose pliers. they used to make a better one similar but didn't have that problem.i read that review, didn't listen. my bad m.w.",
81957,__label__1,"A Paucity of Information: I would not recommend ""Which Way to the Vomitorium?"" to anyone who is even remotely serious about the study of Latin. It contains too few phrases, and all of them are built with words found in any decent Latin dictionary. Do not be fooled by the subtitle ""Vernacular Latin for any Occasion"" into thinking that this book will give you any insight into what was common, spoken latin. If you are a teacher, you probably know just as many, if not more, off color sayings to interest your students than are in this book. And if you are a student, trust me, not one phrase in this book contains any word your Latin teacher would refuse to teach you!",
81958,__label__2,"Indispensable resource for interior designers & ID students!: Why search through a dozen books for the interior design information you need? Go to this book first and save time and aggravation.BE FOREWARNED: this is NOT a fluff-filled, ""decorators"" coffee-table book! If you're looking for ""101 Ways to Make Slipcovers Work for You"" then don't buy this book!But if you're a serious, hard-core interior designer, read on: This book is jam-packed with useful information, ADA requirements, building code standards, and relevant examples. Its clear, concise format and excellent index make it easy to find what you're looking for.I refer to it for literally every project I work on, first as a student and now as an interior designer. I consider it to be the most valuable reference book I own.This book is worth many times more than amazon.com is charging for it. If you're serious about interior design, you will never regret buying this book.",
81959,__label__1,"DO NOT BUY! it's hard to imagine a more worthless book: This book is a fiasco. As a professional in commercial space planning for many years, I picked it up based on a 'glowing review'. I find another few good ratings here on-line. The authors mother must be writing them, because no one who actually attempted to verify the faulty and incomplete information within, could ever see this tome as worth the paper upon which it is printed.One reviewer was accurate though; it isn't a bad door stop.",
81960,__label__1,"This one needs to go permanently out-of-print and be forgotten: This book is out-of-date, poorly written, poorly organized, and a complete waste of one's money, time, and effort. The graphics are inconsistent and poorly done, and it is a nightmare trying to make sense of technical information provided by Ms. Reznikoff.This reference has been eclipsed in light-years by Maryrose McGowan's book ""Interior Design Graphic Standards"", which is now considered THE reference book of choice and the Gold Standard in its class. Use your money wisely and opt to purchase McGowan's publication instead of this one.",
81961,__label__1,"overrall ok, some teeth marks on binding: overrall in ok condition. had some teeth marks on binding that seller did not add in description but did not effect the overrall quality of the book. the edition did not have the needed scale figures in the drawings and was unaware that there was more than 1 edition type. would have been nice to have more of a description before purchasing. pretty much what was described, since description was brief.",
81962,__label__1,Don't do it.: This item came to us chipped. They had tried to repair it...botched the repair and then shipped it out as though it was new at full price. Had already removed old sink...had to go out and pay more locally and then go through the hassle of returning it. If I could give this company negative 5 star rating I would.,
81963,__label__1,"Quiter awful: I am a german III student,so I am quite proficient in german. I found this book absolutely horrid. The translation was helpful yes, but the stories themselves were grotesque. After reading two of the stories I gave up trying to read a decent story. This book is best used a table decoration rather than reading.",
81964,__label__2,"Highly Insightful!: Scott Hafemann has done an excellent job in presenting a correct understanding of the Spirit/letter contrast in 2 Corinthians 3. The conclusion that he reaches has implications for a whole understanding of the Old Testament and the its relation to the New Testament. The essential message is this... The law was not inherently ""bad"" or oppression to the people of Israel. The problem resided with the people themselves. Only a remnant were true followers of Yahweh. For this faithful remnant, who had the Spirit operating in their lives, the law was good (cf. Psalm 119, et al). But for those without the Spirit (the majority of Israel), the law was simply ""letter"", and a burden. They did not want to keep it, nor could they. Seeing this helps us to understand both ""good"" and ""bad"" statements about the law in the NT writings.Hats off to Hafemann!",
81965,__label__1,"Comments from a real witch: This book was some what imformative, however lacking in accurate statements. Author made various assumptions with nothing to base them on. However it was well written. The few gems of correct info that he did provide were excellent. Though I don't agree with the portrayal of witches in the book, I would recommend reading this for FUN do not take anything he says as the truth and nothing but the truth.",
81966,__label__2,"Good lesson on how to apply oop to .net framework.: The components in this book aren't that useful to the general development community. If they were, they would have just released them as products for sale as a library. Anybody expecting as such will be disappointed.The real value in this book is for newer developers to see how to take parts of the .net framework like the textbox control, inherit them, and extend them to your own use. It shows real-world applications of object oriented theory being applied to the .net framework.If you're a bit hazy on how OOP can apply to .net development, this is a good read.Its not really a reference... more of a book that will inspire a eureka! moment in new developers who are trying to square their academic education with real world languages.",
81967,__label__1,"Good try maybe next time....: The solutions are great, if only they worked in real life and not in theory!.The Auto Deploy just doesn't work (returns an error that there is not information for!) and the Application Settings writer is great in theory but in reality its easier to use the registry setting to achieve and easier to implement the result in a large scale development....Conclusion...don't waste your money...",
81968,__label__1,Don't waste your money...: I wish there was a return policy. The book covered a lot of material but there wasn't anything new to learn from it. You would be better off spending your money on a .NET magazine subscription. Anything that was written in this book can be found on the web and won't cost you anything.,
81969,__label__2,"That michael conner is stipid: Not typically common album but understand this is common raw, none of that maturity he shows in his latest music. hes just young thats all and i actually think his versatality on this album is a bit better than his later projects and considering Im 18 and this is more of an old skool album, for a yungun like me to say that it must be good wouldnt you say. The tune that stands out for me is take it ez cause he just gets into a mad freestyle session. There are many others but this tune is true classic. 5 star LP nothing less. If your looking for common at his raw best you should pick up One day it'll all make sense.",
81970,__label__2,"A great trip to hip-hop's past, but lacking maturity.: This CD is a great look at the way hip-hop used to be before Puffy and other money hungry ""artists"" tore it apart. ""Soul by the Pound"" defined this young artist's style, and he will refine and perfect this later. ""Take it Ez"" is my favorite track on the album, and it is the track that I feel represents old school hip-hop the best. I think that people that are into old school hip-hop should have this CD, but those who like ""artists"" like Puffy should stand clear because it is not for you.",
81971,__label__2,"Com's above average debut...........: Common's flow on here is somewhere between Q-Tip, Busta & Charlie Brown's of LONS. It's hard to tell on here if Common is repping NY or his hometown of Chicago. His whole persona on this joint is straight New York. Other than that, it's a dope introduction to the homeboy Common.Top Joints:Take It EZBreaker 1/9Two Scoops of RaisinsSoul By the PoundPuppy ChowJust in the Nick of Rhyme",
81972,__label__2,"If you are just getting into Common check this album out!: I really, really, really liked Common Sense in 1992. ""Take It Easy"" was like my theme song during my senior year of high school, and being from Chicago I was really glad to see a Chicago MC doing his thing. If you didn't get into Common until later, ""Can I Borrow A Dollar,"" might come as a bit of a suprise to you. In the beginning, even with the first single ""Take It Easy,"" Common seemed much more light hearted and comedic along the lines of The Pharcyde or Busta Rhymes. Musically, it was a good album and the second single ""Breaker 1-9"" got heavy rotation on The Box like the first single. If you are just getting into Common check this album out.",
81973,__label__1,"Make sure your motherboard is compatible!: I bought this,hoping to reduce the temperatures on my core 2 duo extreme running in an evga 680i motherboard. The evga has a very large chipset heatsink which obstructs the freezone, not allowing me to install it correclty.I attempted to contact the company (coolit) to see if anyone had installed on this motherboard, but received no response. I contacted the retailer I purchased this from, and was informed it could not be returned.caveat emptor",
81974,__label__2,"Great cooler: The only thing you need to know about this cooler is that it works! In a normal water cooled system the coolest your water will ever be cooled down to by the radiator is the air temperature in your room. This system uses TECs to cool the water to below ambient temperature. When I touch the tubes coming off the water block you can tell they are actually quite cool. Of course under load they are not quite as cool since the CPU is heating it up, but the water has ALWAYS been cooler than the water in my other liquid systems.I currently have this cooler on my CPU and an external Corsair Nautilus 500 system cooling my graphics card. Even overclocked a full Ghz over standard the CPU is at 84 degress F, 30 degrees C at idle. Under full load running Super PI or Orthos it will get up to 100-120 degrees F. Definitely far within safety parameters. Let's just say that my overclocking is not currently limited by my CPU temperature anymore.",
81975,__label__1,"Very disappointing.....: I expected 60 minutes(as indicated on the box) of expert advice about home preparation. Instead I got 43 minutes(amount of video footage on this tape) of bordom. The female host, whom I noticed was the producer,director, and something else I disremember; droaned on in her monotone manner asking very general and long winded questions.The author of ""Making the Best of Basics"" who was the expert interviewed throughout the video, attempts on several occassions to get into some detail and expound on his comments. The robotic host however, quickly interupts with a follow up comment veiled poorly as a question, thus sealing this videos fate in my opinion.This video is a true stinker...... Instead buy the book ""Boston on Y2k"" by Boston T. Party. This is well thought out, thorough, and a great asset to the library.",
81976,__label__1,"Ensure That This Is Your ""Type"" Of String Band.: It should be pointed out that FSMB are ""truly traditional"" and that their repertoire might not suit lovers of the more refined string band music. The brilliant Hollow Rock String Band epitomise the gentrified kind and you should surely listen to ""The Fuzzies"" before making your purchase.",
81977,__label__2,"the name suits it: early pitchshifter... this is not the nu-pseudo-industrial-punk-lite-metal, no this is still real industrial. it is dark, twisted and slow, with distorted vocals and grinding basslines. pitchshifter developed later on a really unique sound, especially with ""infotainment"" (great album) and then commercialized .alltogether this album is pretty cool, but i think it sounds too much like godflesh. i mean the vocals really sound like broadrick, and the beats sometime reminds me too. give it a shot if you like real industrial, just don't expect the new and friendly pitchshifter here",
81978,__label__2,"Always was...always will be number one: Cosmo's Factory is my favorite ccr album....who'll stop the rain alone is my favorite song....as long as i can see the light, the 11:00 + I heard it through the grapevine, travelin' band, before you accuse me......all these and more...the classics of rock and roll songs and music",
81979,__label__1,"Good music - can't listen to it: Sound quality is dismal. ""20 bit mastering"" is a joke.No way to tell if the original tape or something after is at fault but if you're expecting anything better than AM radio, look elsewhere.",
81980,__label__2,"Best Track: #6: Another great offering from CCR. Many consider this effort to be CCR's finest album. I typically skip tracks #1, #4, and #8. Tracks #3, #5, #6, #7, #9, and #10 are Creedence classics. This is a superb album and it's a must for all CCR fans.",
81981,__label__2,Love it: These videos are hilarious and practical and are for any couple that is newly married or married for a while. The information is pertinent to all.,
81982,__label__2,"Be yourself in guitarplaying: Dave teach everybody in this video how to play some of RHCP and, of course Jane's Addiction's songs.But what you can really appreciate from this video is ""how"" Dave explain the way to play.No perfect execution, no virtuoso style, just the right feeling between a person and his guitar.More, you can learn how to use some cool stomp boxes, in Dave style or in your own, as you prefer.An easy way to learn something more from one of he most influential guitarist between two millenniums.",
81983,__label__1,""" The Way It Ain't "": Monty Alexander is one of the giants of jazz piano. I have a majority of his releases, on CD as well as vinyl. PLEASE AVOID THIS IMPORT "" THE WAY IT IS "". The recording is horrendous, EQ is all wrong, you can't hear drummer Frank Gant, Bob Maize""s bass is too loud in the mix, the tinny, out of tune piano sucks and Monty is just trying to get through the gig! Dont be fooled by the hip cover of Monty strokin' it. This set is not like his great MPS live recordings. Buy any of his legit recordings on major labels, and you will be amazed. Leave this one alone. And yea, I've heard a lot of Monty live, on one occasion (5 nights, 15 sets, back in the day). Long live ""Alexander The Great!""",
81984,__label__2,"Green Gold Foumd Here: Yes, Eric Clapton is here, and he sounds great. But, (and this is a BIG BUT)the real treasure found here is the playing of Peter Green. Forgotten by most or not known by most here in the USA, Green was one of the greatest white blues guitar players ever. B. B. King once said the only white guitar player that made him sweat was Peter Green! Mayall brought many greats into the limelight and got their careers started. The greatest of these was Peter Green. If you like his supurb playing here, check out the early years of Fleetwood Mac (late 60's, early 70s). This album is great and should be a part of every blues/rock collectors collection.",
81985,__label__2,"American Jazz at its best!: It blew me away. GREAT inventiveness , great music and a milestone for American jazz.",
81986,__label__1,"Poorly Designed: I hate the Harbor Bay line of clothes so much, I should never buy them, but I still do... oh woe is me.To make this long story short:These are standard khaki pants, but when you put them on it feels like they put more material up front near the belly and less in the back so it feels like you need to pull up your pants all the time since they didnt give enough room in the seat or enough fabric up top to feel comfortable. All of the fabric they could have used to cover the small of the back was instead put into clown sized calves that look like balloons and make the pant legs unwearable without further alteration. So purchase these pants, enjoy your trip to the tailor and forever hate them for the rest of their life as your work pants. I swear these are the kind of pants that make you hate your job.",
81987,__label__1,"Horrible!: I have just bought this product. And What I got was horrible. It does not grip hairs at all, therefore it does not pick up hairs at all.I think what I got is imperfect one. I do not recommend this product for anyone!",
81988,__label__2,"A psychological epic that shows no age.: ""Traumnovelle"" is a fine novella which masterfully employs the epic mythological structure to send it's main character Froidlin on a psychosexual odyssey. The character struggles with an attempt to engage in meaningless sexual debauchery in order to cuckold his wife. He finds, however that he can not divorce himself emotionally from sexual activity. Schnitzler is a masterful hand at creating an adult fairy tale the moral of which remains poignant today.",
81989,__label__2,"The Finest Novel I've Ever Read: This is the finest novel I have ever read in my life, and I have read a LOT of novels, from Hawthorne and Twain to contemporaries like King, Koontz, Clancy, Grisham, Hillerman, etc. But this is absolutely the best. This novel proves that Louis L'amour, at his best, could do in 152 pages what most other writers struggle to do in 552. It is full of loneliness, heartache, honor, integrity, toughness, redemption, and action. Read the book and then watch the movie with Sam Elliott and Katherine Ross. You will LOVE them both. A masterpiece.",
81990,__label__2,"Vivid. . . . . draws you right into the ""Old West"".: An exceptional book, quite possibly one of his best. ""Conagher"" brings to life the dangerous and lonely life that was the ""Old West"". This books has it all, from its vivid portrayal of the rugged country and harsh lifestyle, to the characters themselves. L'Amour has a nack for drawing his readers into his stories and making them feel like they are actually there cheering the heroes on.",
81991,__label__2,boosh: Not as good as season three and four but still hilarious. like the office if the office was actually funny. finished the season in like 2 days.,
81992,__label__2,Great Series! Just loving it!: It's been fun watching the character development. The seasons continue to build on one another. I am just loving it!,
81993,__label__2,"Best Series of the Year: Honestly the best series of the year. Community was also very good, but this was hilarious! god I hope this does well on DVD and moving forward with ratings.",
81994,__label__2,"An underrated gem: Simply put, this is the funniest show currently on TV. For someone reason, it did not get the attention it deserved starting off, and although more people started paying attention by the second season, it still has not gotten the acclaim the show deserves. A great ensemble cast and hilarious dialogue make this the sharpest show since The Office.",
81995,__label__1,Not So Much: Love the actress/comedian but it didn't hold my interest and I did not finish watching it. Too bad as I heard good things about it.,
81996,__label__1,"One Of The Worst Sitcoms Ever: Not counting ""30 Rock,"" which is the worst sitcom on TV and most overrated sitcom ever, ""Parks and Recreation"" is the second worst sitcom on TV today. Both of these shows have extremely low Nielsen ratings and have ruined NBC's Comedy Thursday, however, they both have a small cult following. I do like Amy Poehler but she is totally wasted in this show but I love her in the movie ""Baby Mama.""",
81997,__label__2,Still good in the second year: The humour was still strong. I am enjoying the old characters and guest appearances. The story lines are strong and so entertaining.,
81998,__label__2,"Funny, endearing TV series!: I'm a ""late bloomer"" when it comes to Parks and Rcreation. I started with season 2 after being told that season 1 was... D'oh.I wasn't disappointed, and I really didn't feel that I fell behind the story. I'm now on season 3, and it continues to be a delightful story. The characters grow on you, and you want to see them evolve. Will Tom grow up? Will Leslie get fired for pushing too hard? Will April finally turn human? And so on.Give it a try.",
81999,__label__2,"This is where P&R really starts: If you watched the first season and were unimpressed, forge on! This is where P&R actually hits its stride. It is significantly more fun to watch season 2 than season 1. This is arguably the best season period. Watch!",
